
[TABLE 1]
 | Heng Leasing and Capital Public Company Limited Report and financial statements 31 December 2025
[/TABLE 1]

Independent Auditor's Report
To the Shareholders of Heng Leasing and Capital Public Company Limited
Opinion
I have audited the accompanying financial statements of Heng Leasing and Capital Public Company Limited (the Company), which comprise the statement of financial position as at                               31 December 2025, and the related statements of comprehensive income, changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information (collectively “the financial statements”).
In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,   the financial position of Heng Leasing and Capital Public Company Limited as at 31 December 2025, its financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with                         Thai Financial Reporting Standards.
Basis for Opinion
I conducted my audit in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing. My responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of my report. I am independent of the Company in accordance with     the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including Independence Standards issued by the Federation of Accounting Professions (Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants) that are relevant to my audit of the financial statements, and I have fulfilled my other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in my professional judgement, were of most significance in my audit of the financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of my audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming my opinion thereon, and I do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
I have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of my report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, my audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to my assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of my audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for my audit opinion on the accompanying financial statements as a whole.
Key audit matters and how audit procedures respond to each matter are described below.
Allowance for expected credit losses for hire purchase and loan receivables
As described in Notes 7 and 8 to the financial statements, as at 31 December 2025, the Company had net hire purchase and loan receivables of Baht 8,610 million (representing 94% of total assets) and allowances for expected credit losses amounting to Baht 803 million, which are amounts material to the financial statements. In determining an allowance for expected credit losses on hire purchase and loan receivables, the Company has developed a model for calculating allowance for expected credit losses. The model is complex and its development involves the use of significant management judgements and estimates, the identification of criteria for assessment of a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the probability of default, the loss given default, the exposure at default and the selection of the future economic variables to be incorporated in the models.
I therefore place importance on audit procedures that respond to auditing of the allowance for expected credit losses of hire purchase and loan receivables by:
I gained an understanding of, assessed and tested, on a sampling basis, the effectiveness of the Company’s internal controls related to the processes of credit approval, loan repayment, and the calculation of allowance for expected credit losses of hire purchase and loan receivables.
I assessed the reasonableness of the method for calculating the allowance for expected credit losses according to the model. I evaluated and tested, on a sampling basis, the reasonableness of the criteria and conditions used by management in assessing significant increases in credit risk, the selection of macroeconomic factor data used for forward-looking information, and the selection of probability-weighted scenarios by reviewing the model development documentation and actual data. Additionally, I compared the Company's accounting policies with financial reporting standards.
On a sampling basis, I tested the accuracy and completeness of the data used to develop the model for the probability of default, the loss given default, and the exposure at defaults, comparing it to actual historical data.
Additionally, as of the end of the financial reporting period, I tested the accuracy of the calculation of the allowance for expected credit losses. I conducted sampling tests on the classification of hire purchase and loan receivables based on changes in credit risk since the initial recognition of the items, including tested the completeness of the data used in the calculation of the allowance for expected credit losses by reconciling it with accounting data.
Recognition of interest income on hire purchase and loan receivables
In 2025, the company recognised interest income on hire purchase and loan receivables amounting to Baht 2,063 million (representing 96% of total income), which is considered the main income of the Company. The company recognised interest income using the effective interest rate method, and this interest income arises from lending transactions, primarily involving a large number of retail customers with varying contract terms. Therefore, I placed importance on the audit procedures for verifying that the recognition of interest income from hire purchase and loan receivables are recognised at the correct value and within the appropriate time frame, in accordance with the terms of the contracts and financial reporting standards by:
I gained an understanding of, assessed, and tested, on a sampling basis, the effectiveness of the Company's internal control system related to the processes of loan origination, loan repayment, and interest income recognition by inquiring with management to understand and evaluate the methods used by management to recognise interest income, ensuring compliance with the relevant financial reporting standards.
On the sampling basis, I tested the calculations of interest income recognition, including the accuracy of the data used in the calculations, by sampling hire purchase agreements and loan agreements to verify the correctness of the terms in the contracts against the data recorded in the system. I also tested the calculations of interest income recognition to ensure they were in accordance with the contract terms and aligned with the Company's revenue recognition policy.
Additionally, I analysed and compared the interest income accounting data recognised throughout the accounting period to check for any anomalies and examined, on a sampling basis, significant accounting adjustments made through general journal entries.
Other Information
Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprise the information included in annual report of the Company, but does not include the financial statements and my auditor’s report thereon. The annual report of the Company is expected to be made available to me after the date of this auditor’s report.
My opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and I do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with my audit of the financial statements, my responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or my knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When I read the annual report of the Company, if I conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, I am required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance for correction of the misstatement.
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements
My objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes my opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing, I exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. I also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.                                    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing                                  an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If I conclude that a material uncertainty exists, I am required to draw attention in my auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or,                                  if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify my opinion. My conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of my auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
I communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identify during my audit.
I also provide those charged with governance with a statement that I have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on my independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, I determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. I describe these matters in my auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, I determine that a matter should not be communicated in my report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
I am responsible for the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report.
Ployjuta Sucanthamal
Certified Public Accountant (Thailand) No. 10678
EY Office Limited
Bangkok: 10 February 2026