SRISAWAD CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Srisawad Corporation Public Company Limited
My opinion
In my opinion, the consolidated financial statements and the separate financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Srisawad Corporation Public Company Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group) and the separate financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2025, and its consolidated and separate financial performance and its consolidated and separate cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting Standards (TFRS).
What I have audited
The consolidated financial statements and the separate financial statements comprise:
the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 31 December 2025;
the consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
the consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;
the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and
the notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, which include material accounting policies and other explanatory information
Basis for opinion
I conducted my audit in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing (TSAs). My responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements section of my report. I am independent of the Group and the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including Independence Standards issued by the Federation of Accounting Professions (TFAC Code) that are relevant to my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, and I have fulfilled my other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the TFAC Code. I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in my professional judgement, were of most significance in my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming my opinion thereon, and I do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

[TABLE 1]
Key audit matter | How my audit addressed the key audit matter
Allowance for expected credit losses on loans to customers and accrued interest receivables  As at 31 December 2025, loans to customers and accrued interest totalled Baht 92,850 million and the expected credit loss allowance amounted to Baht 2,114 million, with the net balance contributed 86% of the Group’s total assets. The Group estimated allowance for expected credit losses for loans to customers and accrued interest by applying both quantitative and qualitative factors. Relevant references and disclosure in the financial statements for allowance of expected credit losses of loan to customers and accrued interest are as follows;  Note 4.5: Allowance for expected credit losses Note 7 a): Impairment of financial assets Note 10: Loans to customers and accrued interest receivables, net Note 11: Allowance for expected credit losses  Management estimates allowance for expected credit loss on loans to customers measured based on complex credit models which are dependent on significant management judgements and estimates include the followings:  Determining the segmentation of customers and credit risk groups based on similar risk characteristics. Establishing the criteria and conditions for staging of loans. Establishing the assumptions applied in the probability of default, loss given default, and exposure at default models, as well as in the estimation of cash flows using the effective interest rate. The adjustment of expected credit loss estimates through management overlays to reflect current and forward-looking economic conditions and portfolio specific risks not reflected in the base model. Data and assumptions which significantly impact the expected credit losses for individually significant loans to customers; purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, such as expected future cash flows and the appraisal value of collaterals.  The loans to customers balance is material and the measurement of allowance for expected credit loss under Thai Financial Reporting Standard 9 - Financial Instruments required complex calculation and management judgement, I therefore considered this to be the key audit matter. | I evaluated the appropriateness of management’s judgement in determining the allowance for expected credit losses on loans to customers and accrued interest by making inquiries with management about the method used and the assumptions made. I obtained an understanding of management’s process and policy in setting up the allowance for expected credit losses.  I evaluated the appropriateness of collective assessment models calculation of the expected credit losses on loans to customers and accrued interest whether it is in accordance with related Thai Financial Reporting Standard.  I evaluated the design of controls and tested the operating effectiveness of those controls over the allowance for expected credit losses as follows:  IT controls both general computer controls and application controls over loan data used in the ECL calculation with the involvement of IT specialist, including access controls and loan classification based on days past due for staging purposes.  The control over completeness and accuracy of significant input data for the models calculation.  The control over recording of allowance for expected credit losses from models to general ledger.  Management’s controls over the review and approval of the allowance for expected credit losses.  I tested management’s review and approval process for establishing estimates through the use of management overlays. I assessed the appropriateness of the revised estimates resulting from management’s overlays by using my financial industry experience and knowledge, taking into account current economic conditions.  I selected samples from each loan portfolio type to test the accuracy of the calculation of the allowance for expected credit losses and agreed the resulting amounts with the entries recorded in the general ledger.  I assessed the completeness and appropriateness of disclosures in note to financial statements according to the related financial reporting standards.  Overall, the models and assumptions used for estimating the allowance for expected credit losses on loans to customers and accrued interest were properly set up based on the supporting evidence.
[/TABLE 1]


[TABLE 2]
Key audit matter | How my audit addressed the key audit matter
Impairment assessment of the intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination  Refer to Note 7 h) to the financial statements regarding critical accounting estimates and judgements related to the impairment assessment of an intangible assets which include finance license from business combination, and Note 19 Intangible Assets - Net, in respect of intangible assets, including financial licences acquired through business combinations.  The Group has intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination with both domestic and foreign companies of Baht 886 million which contributes 1% of total assets as at 31 December 2025. The Group is required to perform an impairment test on the intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination at least annually in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting Standard.  I focused on this impairment test area as the assessment of the recoverable amount from the cash flow projection involves management’s judgement, which is based on assumptions affected by forecasts of the following future market and economic conditions:  the growth rate of the loan portfolio interest cost rate fee income rate the discount rate calculated from the cost of equity.  Based on the annual impairment assessment, management estimated the recoverable amount of the intangible assets, which include the finance license acquired through the business combination, by forecasting future cash flows from operations and discounting them to their present value. Management compared the recoverable amount with the carrying amount of these assets and considered the current year’s actual operating results to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions used (i.e., comparing actual performance with forecasts). Management concluded that there was no impairment of the intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination as at 31 December 2025. | I assessed the consideration of the intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination impairment using the following methods:  I inquired with management to understand the basis and information they used to assess this impairment. I compared the current year’s actual results with the projected figures to consider whether the projection was prepared based on reasonable assumptions and the projection was based on optimistic assumptions exceeding actual results. I assessed management's key assumptions such as the estimated revenue from loans to customers by comparing them to actual performance figures. I also assessed the appropriateness of the shareholders’ cost of equity, which is used as the discount rate applied to calculate the intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination’s value by comparing the discount rate to a reliable source of market data.  Based on the above work performed, I considered the key assumptions used by management to assess the impairment of the intangible assets which include finance license from the business combination to be appropriate.
[/TABLE 2]

Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated and separate financial statements and my auditor’s report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to me after the date of this auditor's report.
My opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and I will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, my responsibility is to read the other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and separate financial statements or my knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When I read the annual report, if I conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, I am required to communicate the matter to the audit committee.
Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements in accordance with TFRS, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group and the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The audit committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s and the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements
My objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes my opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with TSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with TSAs, I exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. I also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s internal control.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If I conclude that a material uncertainty exists, I am required to draw attention in my auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify my opinion. My conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of my auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. I am responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. I remain solely responsible for my audit opinion.
I communicate with the audit committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identify during my audit.
I also provide the audit committee with a statement that I have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on my independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the audit committee, I determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. I describe these matters in my auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, I determine that a matter should not be communicated in my report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd.
Paiboon  Tunkoon
Certified Public Accountant (Thailand) No. 4298
Bangkok
27 February 2026