REPORT  ON  REVIEW  OF  INTERIM  FINANCIAL  INFORMATION
BY  THE  INDEPENDENT  CERTIFIED  PUBLIC  ACCOUNTANTS
TO  THE  BOARD  OF  DIRECTORS
TIDLOR  HOLDINGS  PUBLIC  COMPANY  LIMITED  AND  ITS  SUBSIDIARY
We have reviewed the consolidated statement of financial position of Tidlor Holdings Public Company Limited and its subsidiary (the “Group”) and the separate statement of financial position of Tidlor Holdings Public Company Limited (the “Company”) as at March 31, 2026 and the related consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive income for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, the related consolidated and separate statements of changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the three-month period ended March 31, 2026, and the condensed notes to the financial statements. The Company’s management is responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with Thai Accounting Standard No. 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review.
Scope of Review
We conducted our review in accordance with Thai Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.
Conclusion
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that                       the aforementioned interim financial information is not prepared, in all material respects,                      in accordance with Thai Accounting Standard No. 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.
Emphasis of Matter
In addition, we draw attention to Note 2.2 describing the effect of the business combination under common control. The consolidated statements of comprehensive income, statements of changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the three-month period ended March 31, 2025, which are included as comparative information have also been adjusted as described in Note 2.2. Our conclusion is not modified in respect of this matter.
Kornthong Luangvilai
Certified Public Accountant (Thailand)
BANGKOKRegistration No. 7210
May 7, 2026DELOITTE  TOUCHE  TOHMATSU  JAIYOS  AUDIT  CO.,  LTD.