Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
My opinion
In my opinion, the consolidated financial statements and the separate financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (the Group) and the separate financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2025, and its consolidated and separate financial performance and its consolidated and separate cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting Standards (TFRS).
What I have audited
The consolidated and the separate financial statements comprise:
the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 31 December 2025;
the consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
the consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;
the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and
the notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, which include material accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion
I conducted my audit in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing (TSAs). My responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of my report. I am independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including Independence Standards issued by the Federation of Accounting Professions (TFAC Code) that are relevant to my audit of the financial statements, and I have fulfilled my other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the TFAC Code. I believe that the audit evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in my professional judgement, were of most significance in my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. I determine one key audit matter: Allowance for expected credit losses on loan receivables, accrued interest receivables and accrued fee receivables. The matter was addressed in the context of my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming my opinion thereon, and I do not provide a separate opinion on the matter.

[TABLE 1]
Key audit matter | How my audit addressed the key audit matter
Allowance for expected credit losses on loan receivables, accrued interest receivables and accrued fee receivables | 
Refer to notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements: Note 5.2 c) for impairment of financial assets, Note 10 for loan receivables, and Note 12 for allowance for expected credit losses. | I performed the following audit procedures.  Obtained an understanding of the process, evaluated the design of controls and validated the operating effectiveness of key controls related to the allowance for expected credit losses by testing controls over accuracy of the model’s processing based on historical default data and testing controls over recording of the model-calculated allowance for expected credit losses to the general ledger. Evaluated the appropriateness of the model used by management and any material changes to the model identified during the year. Tested the accuracy and completeness of significant input data used in the model, including the accuracy and appropriateness of the staging. Evaluated the reasonableness of the key assumptions used in the model and assumptions applied in the weighting of forward-looking economic factors, including considering the relationship of those economic factors and credit risk based on the results of model testing. Evaluated the appropriateness of management’s review and approval process for the estimation of the management overlay. Randomly selected samples to test the calculation of the allowance for expected credit losses in the model and reconciled them to the general ledger.  Based on all the above procedures, I considered that the management's methodologies, assumptions and judgements used for the estimation of the allowance for expected credit losses were acceptable based on supporting evidence.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had loan receivables, accrued interest receivables and accrued fee receivables totalling Baht 11,561.50 million, representing 91.20% of the total assets in the consolidated financial statements, and an allowance for expected credit losses of Baht 459.98 million in the consolidated financial statements. The Company had loan receivables and accrued interest receivables totalling Baht 11,550.51 million, represented 90.84% of the total assets in the separate financial statements and an allowance for expected credit losses of Baht 458.74 million in the separate financial statements.  I focused on the audit of the estimation of allowance for expected credit losses on loan receivables, accrued interest receivables and accrued fee receivables because the amount were material to the financial statements, and the requirements under Thai Financial Reporting Standard No. 9 - Financial Instruments require the use of models. This estimation also involved significant management judgements regarding the complex models, input data and key assumptions, including the following:  staging conditions and criteria probability of default expected future cash flows forward-looking macroeconomicand weighting of forward-looking economic factors management overlay | 
[/TABLE 1]

Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated and separate financial statements and my auditor’s report thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to me after the date of this auditor's report.
My opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and I will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, my responsibility is to read the other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and separate financial statements or my knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When I read the annual report, if I conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, I am required to communicate the matter to the audit committee.
Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements in accordance with TFRS, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group and the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The audit committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s and the Company’s financial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements
My objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes my opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with TSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with TSAs, I exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. I also:
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s internal control.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If I conclude that a material uncertainty exists, I am required to draw attention in my auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify my opinion. My conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of my auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. I am responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. I remain solely responsible for my audit opinion.
I communicate with the audit committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identify during my audit.
I also provide the audit committee with a statement that I have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on my independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the audit committee, I determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. I describe these matters in my auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, I determine that a matter should not be communicated in my report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd.
Viphasiri  Vimanrat
Certified Public Accountant (Thailand) No. 9141
Bangkok
24 February 2026
NGERNTURBO PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025