MUANGTHAI CAPITAL PUBLIC Co., Ltd.
Inclusive
& Sustainability
Annual Report 2025
(Form 56-1 One Report)
Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Content
Part
2
Corporate Governance 103-190
6 Good Corporate Governance Policies 103-122
Message from the Chairman of the Board 4
6.1 Overview of Good Corporate Governance Policy and Practical Guidelines 103
The Board of Directors and Executive Committee 5
6.2 Business Code of Conduct 120
Achievements of the Continuous Development 7
6.3 Significant Changes and Developments of Corporate Governance 122
Significant Changes and Development 9
Key Development in the past 3 years 11 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential
Information about the Board of Directors, Sub- 123-148
Part 1
Committees, Executives, Employees and Others
1
Business Operation and
7.1 Corporate Governance Structure 125
Operational Performance 17-100 7.2 Information of the Board of Directors 127
7.3 Information of Sub-Committees 138
7.4 Information of Executives 142
Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital 7.5 Information of Employees 144
1 17-48
Public Company Limited and Its Subsidiaries 7.6 Other Important Information 147
1.1 Policy and Business Overview 20 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance 149-182
1.2 Nature of Business Operation 33
8.1
1.3 Shareholding Structure 41
1.4 Registered Capital and Paid-Up Capital 43
1.5 Issuance of Other Securities 44
1.6 Dividend Payment Policy 48
2 Risk Management 49-66
9 Internal Control and Related Transactions 183-192
2.1 Risk Management Policy and Framework 51
9.1 Internal Control Policy 186
2.2 Risk Factors 58
Part 9.2 Related Transaction 189
3
3 Driving Business for Sustainability 67-84
Financial Statements 193-258
3.1 Policies and Goals in Sustainability Management 69
3.2 Management of Impacts on Stakeholders in the Business Value Chain 71
3.3 Sustainability Management in Environmental Dimension 75 10 Financial Statements for the Year ended 193-258
3.4 Sustainability Management in Social Dimension 80 31 December 2025
10.1 Independent Auditor’s Report 195
4 Management Analysis and Explanation 85-96
10.2 Financial Statements 199
4.1 Management Discussion and Analysis on Operational Performance 87 10.3 Notes 207
Part
4.2 Important Financial Information 89
4
4.3 Financial Ratio 96 Certification on the Correctness
of Information and Attachments 259-286
5 General Information and Other Important Information 97-100
5.1 General Information 99
11 Certification on the Correctness of 261-286
5.2 Other Important Information 100
Information and Attachments
5.3 Legal Dispute 100
5.4 Secondary Market 100 11.1 Certification on the Correctness of Information 261
5.5 Regular Contacted Financial Institution, Underwriter, and Selling Agent 100 11.2 Attachments 262
Summary of the Board’s Performance of Duties 151
8.2 Supervision of Subsidiaries 164
8.3 Monitoring Compliance with Policies and Corporate Governance Principles 167
8.4 Legal Dispute of the Board of Directors, Executives and Employees in 2025 179
8.5 Report of the Board of Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reports 180
8.6 Summary of the Operational Performance of Sub-Committees 181
Introduction Overview of operations in 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Overview of
operations
33
For over years in 2025
the Company has been a world-class financial service
provider committed to delivering quality funding sources Total income
to people across all professions in an inclusive and
30,739
equitable manner. It supports local businesses to grow
sustainably, laying the foundation for long-term economic MB 10.17% (YoY)
stability.
Outstanding Loan
Amount
183,223
MB 11.56% (YoY)
Net profit
6,723
MB 14.59% (YoY)
Earnings per share
3.17
Baht
Number of branches
8,673
branches
1 2
Introduction Message from the Chairman of the Board Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Message from
the Chairman of the Board
The Company has remained firmly committed to conducting its
business as a financial services provider in accordance with
international standards. It upholds the principles of good Corporate
Governance, transparency, and accountability to society and the
environment, with the aim of achieving stable and sustainable
long-term growth.
As the Chairman of the Board, I place great importance on my role in
overseeing Corporate Governance and setting the Company’s strategic
direction. This includes integrating sustainability principles (ESG) into
decision-making processes and operations at all levels, from conducting
business with integrity and managing risks prudently, to creating balanced
and sustainable value for all stakeholders.
Concurrently, Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited has accelerated its
digital transformation by embedding technology and data capabilities into its
core operations. This initiative has strengthened the Company's ability to
operate more efficiently, deliver higher-quality services, and manage risk
more effectively, ensuring customers receive responses that are both swift
and secure.
The Company has prioritized international expansion by securing access to
capital markets and forging partnerships with global allies to strengthen its
financial foundation and sharpen its long-term competitive edge while
remaining committed to drive business responsibly towards all stakeholders
as well as upholding transparent, equitable, and accountable governance
principles. The Board of Directors and Management have continued to
collaborate closely, driving the Company forward on a path of stable,
sustainable growth that generates meaningful and lasting value for
shareholders and society.
(Adm. Apichart Pengsritong)
Chairman of the Board
3 4
Introduction The Board of Directors and Executive Committee Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
The Board of Directors Executive Committee
Mr. Parithad Petampai Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Mr. Surapong Pechaumpai
• Chief Executive Officer (CEO) • Managing Director • Senior Deputy Managing Director
Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham
• Independent Director • Executive Director • Independent Director Mr. Surat Chayavoradech Ms. Duangkhae Songnuy Ms. Vimonrat Nujul
• Chairman of the Board of
• Chairman of the Audit
Directors • Deputy Managing Director • Assistant Managing Director • Assistant Managing Director
Committee
• Chairman of the Nomination
• Chairman of the Corporate
and Remuneration
Governance and
Sustainability Committee
Mr. Amnat Niamsee Mr. Banyat Ninsiri Mr. Niyom Rodnoi
• Assistant Managing Director • Debt Collection Manager • Deputy Branch Affairs Manager
Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Mr. Suchart Suphayak Mr. Parithad Petampai
• Independent Director • Non-Executive Director • Independent Director • Executive Director
• Member of the Audit • Member of the Nomination • Chairman of the Risk • Member of Risk Management
Committee
Committee and Remuneration Management Committee
• Member of the Risk Committee • Member of the Audit
Management Committee • Member of the Corporate Committee Mr. Pradit Thongkhum Mr. Songkran Eiamkai
• Member of the Governance and • Member of the Nomination • Assistant Branch Affairs Manager • Assistant Branch Affairs Manager
Corporate Governance Sustainability Committee and Remuneration
and Sustainability • Member of the Risk Committee
Committee Management Committee
5 6
Introduction Success Through Continuous Development Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Achievements of the
Good Corporate Governance
Continuous Development
ASEAN Asset Class PLCs 2019 and 2024 CGR Checklist 2025 “Excellent” AGM Checklist 2025
Ranked among the top Thai listed (5 stars) “Excellent” (4 coins)
companies with a governance score of
Achieved the IOD award for 8 consecutive TIA commended the company for its
97.50, elevating the company to
years, proving its status as a leading strong commitment to fair treatment of
international standards and earning
organization that drives business with stakeholders and for enhancing
global investor recognition.
good governance principles and an shareholder meeting practices to global
effective risk management system. standards.
2024
SET AWARDS 2019 SET AWARDS 2019 Thailand Sustainability
Outstanding CEO Awards Outstanding Company Investment
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) Long-Term Issuer Credit Collective Action Against Corruption
The SET Awards – Business Performance Awards Recognized as a “Sustainable Stock.” of 'BB' and National Long-Term Rating Rating of “BB-” Presented to companies that have
E fo x r c v e i l s le io n n c a e r , y t h le e a p d i e n r n s a w cl h e o o p f r h o o p n e o l r T ho he n o S rs E T o r A g w an a i r z d a s ti o – n s B u fo s r in o e u s t s s t E a x n c d e in lle g n ce b co y m S m ET it m s e in n c t e t o 2 0 E 1 S 9 G , re p f r l i e n c c t i i p n l g e s a . true of 'A-(tha)' For 2 consecutive years, S&P Global d ce e r c t l i a fi r e e d d b t y h e C ir A c C o , m re m fl i e tm ct e in n g t a th n e d i r b een
their organizations to unparalleled performance and excellence in corporate Fitch Ratings assessed the Company's quality Rating evaluated the Company as having dedication to anti-corruption and
excellence and extraordinary governance, reaffirming top-tier business in issuing USD bonds for 2 consecutive stability in issuing USD bonds and strong promoting transparency in Thailand’s
success. standards. years, highlighting comprehensive risk financial standing, enhancing its access private sector.
to international funding sources.
management, strong financial stability, and
reduced exposure to risks.
Sustainable Development
Thailand’s Top Corporate Global Banking & Board of the Year Thailand Capital
Brands 2021 and 2022 Finance Awards Awards2018 Markets Deal Award AA
This award signifies excellence as The only Thai company in the Non- Honored by IOD in Recognition at the IFR Asia 5
collaboration with 6 leading Awards 2024 underscores the
a premier organization in ASEAN Bank group to receive an award
private organizations, this outstanding quality of Thailand's
and Thailand, recognized for its from Global Banking & Finance
award celebrates boards capital market transactions, SET ESG Rating 2025 “AA” ESG MSCI Index “AA” CDP “C”
outstanding brand value. Review, recognized for its
excelling in corporate reflecting the country's growing
performance, strategies, innovation, A consumer finance business group Achieved the IOD award for for 8 Reflected the Company’s commitment to
governance, reinforcing influence and solid reputation on
and industry advancement. company that has received awards for consecutive years, proving its status as a managing climate change risks, practicing
investor confidence. the world's financial stage.
Seven consecutive years, reflecting its leading organization that drives business prudent water management, and utilizing
commitment to ESG principles and with good governance principles and an environmentally friendly materials.
leadership in responsible investment effective risk management system.
that positively impacts governance.
Best Micro Finance Best CEO 2025 Best CFO 2025 Best IR 2025
Participated in the ESG Rating Recognized as a member of the FTSE4Good Index Series
Company Thailand 2025 From IAA at the IAA Awards From IAA at the IAA From IAA at the IAA Awards
for Listed Companies 2025, Awards for Listed for Listed Companies 2025, assessment with S&P Global in 2025 by FTSE Russell, achieving an impressive
Awarded by the Global Banking
and Finance Awards, the only for 2 consecutive years, Companies 2025, for 2 for 2 consecutive years, By CSA, a global standard assessing Score of 3.4 out of 5 for sustainability performance.
celebrating executives with consecutive years, awarded to companies
Thai company to receive the corporate sustainability through ESG
vision, effective management, recognizing executives for excelling in transparent Awarded to the Company for its effective
award in this category, factors, the Company demonstrates
recognizing excellence in transparency, and value strategic financial disclosure, investor strong measures in long-term risk management of ESG-related risks and opportunities.
creation for shareholders and management and stable engagement, and high-quality
microfinance business. management.
investors. risk management. communication.
7 8
Introduction Significant Changes and Developments Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Significant Changes In 2025
The Company is committed to“expanding its
opened branches covering
branches” to create financial opportunities that
in every province
and Developments are accessible nationwide.
Total number of
77 901
8,673
Provinces Districts
branches
Outstanding Loan Balance
For over 33 years, the Company has been committed to continuous
business development and expansion to meet the financial needs of 183,223 Operating branches in all
people across the country. It has not only expanded its branch network 77 provinces
to cover more areas, but also focused on developing modern technology
Million Baht
while enhancing our service quality to meet global standards. The
6,667
Company’s goal is to provide accessible and equal financial opportunities
for everyone.
Opened the first branch
in Bangkok
and in Southern Region
Opened the first branch
in Eastern Region 2,429
Opened the first branch Opened the first branch Opened the first branch
in Central Region in Northern Region in Northeastern Region
385
185
5 46
1992 1997 2002 2007 2012 2017 2022 2025
In 1992 In 2001 In 2006 In 2011 In2018 In2021
DS Leasing Co., Ltd. Its name was changed to the Company obtained a Muangthai Leasing Insurance Its name was changed from Muangthai Pay Later
ey
hn was established by Muangthai Leasing Co., Ltd. business licensefrom the Broker Co., Ltd. was established. Muangthai Leasing PCL. to Co., Ltd.
t
t
a
p Mr. Chuchat Petaumpai and Ministry of Finance, under the Muangthai Capital PCL. was established.
um In 2014
o Mrs. Daonapa Petampai in supervision of the Bank of and Muangthai Capital 4.0
b A o C Phitsanulok province. Thailand. The Company was listed application was launched.
on the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
In 1992, In 2015 In 2019 In 2021
Vehicle Title Loan • Vehicle Title Loan • Vehicle Title Loan • Vehicle Title Loan
was introduced. • Nano Finance Loan • Nano Finance Loan • Nano Finance Loan
s
t c • Land Title Deed Loan • Land Title Deed Loan • Land Title Deed Loan
u
d • Personal Loan • Personal Loan • Motorcycle Hire Purchase
o
r P • Motorcycle Hire Loan
Purchase Loan • Personal Loan
• Pay Later Loan
s In 2012 In 2015 In 2020
e
it The Company delivered The Company donated 50 million the Company delivered the “Chitmetta
iv
it the first “New Home for Baht to construct “Chitmetta Chuchat-Daonapa Building” (2nd building)
c
A Chance” at Khirirat Chuchat-Daonapa Building” to to be used as an outpatient building at
la Ratchat 1 as a children be used as an emergency and Kirimat Hospital, in Kirimat district, Sukhothai
ic
o development center, in accident building at Sukhothai province, with a donation value of 50 million
S
Phob Phra district, Hospital, Sukhothai province. Baht.
Tak province.
9 10
Introduction Key developments over the past 3 years Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Key Development
2024
in the past 3 years
The Company has aimed to achieve Net Zero by 2050,
positioning itself as a leader in climate change management
within organizations. The Company has also enhanced the
transparency of information disclosure by listed companies
on the Stock Exchange of Thailand, following guidance from
2023 environmental management experts.
The Company has been committed to supporting the
Constructed "Chitmetta Chuchat-Daonapa" Building
"Responsible Lending" guidelines as announced by the
(3rd building) with a budget of 30 million Baht. This
Bank of Thailand (BOT). It has aimed to contribute to
building will serve as a dental center and administrative
addressing household debt issues, ensuring it remains at an
facility for Ban Dan Lan Hoi Hospital in Sukhothai
appropriate level, and embracing quality of financial services
province. Additionally, 20 modified motorcycles were
to improve people's quality of life.
donated to Sub-district Health Promotion Hospital
(SHPH) in Sukhothai province under the project “MTC –
Unite for the Community”. The Company has delivered four children development
centers under the “New Home for Chance" project for
Signed loan agreements of Euro 35 million with the 2024. The centers are located at; Khue Wiang center in
Phayao province; Ban Sam Yot School center in
Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellschaft
Kanchanaburi province; Wat Had Samran center in
(DEG) and USD 67 million with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking
Chumphon province; Ban Na Pradu center in Ubon
Corporation (SMBC).
Ratchathani province. These initiatives aim to increase
access to education, reduce educational disparities, ease the
The shareholder rights protection volunteers from the burden on parents, and promote children's health in a clean
Thai Investor Association visited the Company and and safe environment.
learned about its operations through its vision and
The Company successfully issued foreign currency-
strategies at the Company’s Head Office.
denominated bonds worth USD 335 million, with
a 4-year maturity, due for redemption in 2028.
This marks the Company’s first issuance of USD-
Organized a coloring contest under the theme “Thai Youth denominated bonds under the social bond framework,
Creating a New Era with a Focus on Sustainability”, with adhering to the Social Bond Principles of the International
the aim of raising awareness among Thai youth about Capital Market Association (ICMA) and the ASEAN Social
sustainability. Scholarships worth over 30,000 Baht were Bond Standards (ACMF) from the ASEAN Capital Markets
awarded to the winners. Forum, which took place on 30th September 2024. The
bonds aim to support disadvantaged groups, farmers, and
women entrepreneurs, as well as to allocate funds for
projects that align with the Company’s social bond criteria.
Created innovations for sustainability by launching
This initiative is designed to enhance financial access, create
'Solar Cell Loan' as part of the driving force and support
employment, and promote agriculture in line with the United
for access to clean energy at the household level. This is a
Nations' Sustainable Development Goals.
sustainable product that is environmentally responsible and
can also help reduce long-term expenses. This marks a significant step for the Company in accessing
foreign funding sources and further enhancing its recognition
among international institutional investors.
11 12
Introduction Key developments over the past 3 years Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
2025
2024
The Company has partnered with the The Company has aimed for international MTC actively supports the development of MTC delivered 20 modified motorcycles
Bank of China (BOC), to deliver financial recognition by undergoing evaluation from children and youth through the co-sponsorship
to Sub-district Health Promotion Hospitals
opportunities worth USD 92 million, aiming MicroFinanza Rating S.R.L. and DEG, focusing on of educational scholarships and participation in
(SHPH) in Suphanburi and Pattani province
to enhance stability and strengthen the Thai consumer protection and service quality. Children's Day activities held at Wat Awut
household economy. This collaboration Community (Jaransanitwong Soi 72) with the under the project “MTC – Unite for the
seeks to sustainably support various aim of encouraging children to recognize their Community".
professional groups, ensuring equal roles and responsibilities, and to grow into well-
opportunities for growth. rounded, contributing members of society.
The Company delivered modified
motorcycles to Sub-district Health
MTC contributed 2.7 million Baht worth
Promotion Hospitals (SHPH) in Udon Thani
of medical equipment to Sukhothai
The Company donated medical equipment and Ratchaburi province under the project
MTC supported efforts to address Hospital, strengthening the facility's capacity
to the "Critical and Sub-Critical Patient Ward “MTC – Unite for the Community".
educational disparities by contributing 10 to deliver quality healthcare and broadening
Committee, Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi
computers to Chaikhaowittaya School in access to medical services for residents in
Hospital, Mahidol University" and also made a
Uttaradit Province the area.
financial donation to the "Ramathibodi
Foundation."
The Company has embraced equal
access to financial resources with
investment from the International Finance
Corporation (IFC), a member of the World
MTC I-Tech for Teens project
Bank Group, which mobilizes financial MTC signed an agreement to construct the "Chitmetta Chuchat-Daonapa" Building
provided computers to students in
resources to promote private sector (4th building), serving as Outpatient Building and Dental Center at Kong Krailat Hospital,
underprivileged schools, contributing to development in developing countries. The Sukhothai Province, at a value of 50 million Baht. This contribution reinforces local public
reducing inequality, enhancing education, Company issued a 50 million USD social health infrastructure, supports sustainable healthcare delivery, and uplifts both community quality
bond to provide loans to small
and expanding opportunities for youth in of life and medical workforce effectiveness, reflecting the Company's continued commitment to
entrepreneurs, especially women-owned or
Thai society to access technology in an societal advancement.
women-led businesses, particularly those
inclusive and equitable manner. with limited access to financial services
within the system (Gender-Inclusive Social
Bond).
13 14
Introduction Key developments over the past 3 years Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
2025 2025
MTC has successfully renewed its membership
MTC issued SGD 129 million in senior and MTC achieved a significant milestone
certification under The Thai Private Sector
The annual blood donation campaign
unsecured social bonds, offered to with its first-ever issuance of social
Collective Action Against Corruption (CAC)
'MTC-Blood for Chance', a social initiative
for the second time, reflecting its sustained institutional investors overseas. The bonds in international markets under
commitment to combating corruption and the Company has championed for over a bonds are guaranteed by the Credit Regulation S/144A, raising USD 350
conducting business in accordance with good decade, collected 9,336 units of blood in
Guarantee and Investment Facility (CGIF), million under its Global Medium Term
governance principles rooted in transparency,
2025, with the potential to assist up to
and were issued in conjunction with the Note (GMTN) Program.
reinforcing the trust of its stakeholders and its
28,008 patients facing critical blood
development of an Environmental and The proceeds are directed toward
foundation for sustainable growth.
shortages. The campaign stands as a
Social Management System (ESMS) to initiatives with meaningful social impact,
testament to the power of collective
MTC waived interest charges for three elevate responsible lending through systematic with a particular focus on improving
months to provide relief to customers employee action and the Company's
and context-appropriate risk assessment. This financial access for underserved
affected by flooding in the Southern
ongoing commitment to making a positive
region, supporting their recovery and approach strengthens investor confidence, communities, agricultural workers, and
livelihood restoration. difference in the public healthcare system. enhances loan portfolio quality, and reflects the small business operators. The transaction
Company's systematic integration of also expands the Company's institutional
environmental and social dimensions into its investor base globally and underscores its
core business processes. capability to tap international capital
markets with confidence.
MTC joined the JUMP+ Program (Listed Company Value Enhancement Program)
to elevate its sustainability and corporate governance practices in alignment with
international standards. The program is designed to strengthen a comprehensive ESG
framework, spanning process design and improvement, strategic target-setting, and
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation performance monitoring and reporting.
(SMBC) jointly provided USD 200 million in financing to the Company, directed toward
Participation in the program has enhanced the clarity, transparency, and auditability of the
improving financial access for women-owned MSMEs in rural Thailand, advancing female
Company's operational processes, while supporting the thoughtful integration of ESG
economic empowerment, narrowing inequality gaps, and fostering sustainable development
considerations into business decision-making. This is in line with the expectations of
at the grassroots level.
investors and stakeholders, and serves to reinforce confidence in the Company's corporate
governance approach.
15 16
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Part 1
Business Operation and
Operational Performance
Structure and Operation of
Muangthai Capital Public Company
Limited and its Subsidiaries
1.1 Policy and Business Overview 20
1.2 33
Nature of Business Operation
1.3 41
Shareholding Structure
1.4 43
Registered Capital and Paid-Up Capital
1.5 44
Issuance of Other Securities
1.6 48
Dividend Payment Policy
17 18
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
1.1 Policy and Business
Overview
We Will Be
No. 1 Leader
in The Microfinance Business
The Company must Expand The Company must have the
the service area to cover the Highest market share in
MISSION
whole country by opening both each area where it has been
full branches and sub-branches,
launched for operation, and the
including service centers to customer base must increase
cover all areas and regions of every year.
the country.
About the Company
Employees of the The Company focuses on The Company provides
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited (the “Company”) was
Company must the Supervision of customers with
established by Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai and Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai
conduct performance internal management and use
High-quality services
on 22nd May 1992 with commitment to providing opportunities of
evaluations based on the 40 standard figures as a and strives to achieve the equitable financial access to Thai society, encouraging a qualified service
the highest loan guideline for operations. highest customer satisfaction. by providing of vehicle title loan and personal loan under supervision of
amount per capita in the Bank of Thailand. This recognizes the most benefit for customers
under slogan “Intimate Services Like Closed Family Members”, as well as
the same industry.
maintaining the position of No.1 leader in Microfinance business who has
responsibilities and positive impacts on all stakeholders. This also includes
a commitment to have conducted business with corporate governance for
33 years to build the economic foundation and raise Thais’ quality of life
in the long run.
Morality Exertion Perspective The Company has prepared for the future with the continual development
of technology and innovation. The development is to increase the service
VALUE efficiency, to expand the scope of the operation to raise the capability of
Harmony Discipline
competition and sustainable growth on international level as well as
responding the needs of customers and Thai society completely.
19 20
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Business Plans Strategy 1
Expansion of Branch Network
and Strategies
The Company is committed to delivering financial opportunities to Thai society in an inclusive and equitable The Company has continuously expanded its branches for over 33 years, with
manner, while driving the business toward its vision of becoming the number one leader in the
the primary goal of providing financial opportunities nationwide. It aims to
Microfinance industry. With a clear strategic plan, the Company aims to expand internationally standardized
serve all customer groups equally while maintaining international service
services to cover all regions of the country, maximize customer satisfaction, serve as a key mechanism in
standards to meet customer needs effectively. The Company prioritizes
elevating the nation's financial standards, and sustainably build a foundation of stability while improving the
inclusive financial services accessible to everyone in society, playing a key
quality of life for Thai people nationwide. The plans and strategies for implementation are as follows:
role in improving the quality of life across the country.
Business Plan
As of 2025, the Company has expanded its branch network to 8,673
1 To be the No. 1 leader in microfinance, serving as a model on providing global standard branches across 77 provinces, from provincial to village levels. In the same
financial services and expanding economic opportunities at all levels. The Company is committed year, 502 new branches were opened, reflecting the Company's commitment
to reducing disparities in access to financial services, while operating with integrity, transparency,
to expanding financial access nationwide. Additionally, the Company has
and social responsibility to drive sustainable growth in the Thai economy
increased funding sources for communities compared to the previous year,
2 Focusing on expanding branches to cover the entire country, aiming to provide access to resulting in total outstanding loans of 21.13 million Baht, playing a crucial role
high-quality financial services that meet global standards. This expansion will encompass all sub- in supporting businesses and livelihoods.
districts and all 77 provinces of Thailand, ensuring equal access for all occupations and genders.
The goal is to foster stable and sustainable career growth while enhancing long-term quality of life. Number of Branches by Size
3 Maintaining the quality of the loan portfolio through efficient debt management, alongside Branches 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
prudent lending practices to control NPLs enhancing portfolio stability. Focused on reducing losses
Full Branch 284 316 352 381 390
from repossessed asset (seized vehicles) while accelerating the disposal of assets acquired from
customers into the market to reduce reserve provisions for bad debts and maintain a balance Sub-Branch 3,039 3,413 3,914 4,177 4,296
between the growth of the loan portfolio and the Company's long-term financial stability.
Service Center 2,475 2,938 3,271 3,613 3,987
Developing innovations and products, to meet diverse customer needs across both online and
4
Total 5,798 6,667 7,537 8,171 8,673
offline channels comprehensively, enhance the ability to retain the customer base Elevate financial
service experiences to be efficient, convenient, rapid, and secure for users in the digital era,
Outstanding Loan per Branch (Million Baht/Branch)
including, promoting the use of digital technology and data to enhance analytical capabilities and
advantages for continuously developing new product of the Company in the future. 21.13
20.10
5 Regularly reviewing and improving policies and operational plans,to maintain competitiveness 19.02
in line with changes in the business environment, reduce risks that may impact the organization,
183,223
and strengthen confidence among all stakeholders. This is achieved through a commitment to 18.09 164,242
building business growth stability via efficient management processes and adherence to business 15.83 143,318
ethics.
120,613
8,673
91,812
Branches
Nationwide
2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Outstanding Loan (Million Baht) Outstanding Loan per Branch
21 22
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Strategy 2 Strategy 4
Management
Excellent Service
The Company is committed excellent and high-quality services by cultivating a Decentralization is the Company’s core management through a structure that
culture where employees provide friendly, prompt, attentive, and top-standard delegates authority to full branches, sub-branches, and service centers across
service, prioritizing customer needs. It also focuses on enhancing employee various regions. This strategy aims to foster strong growth, effectively
potential by developing skills that comprehensively and professionally meet maintain a retail customer base, support business expansion, and enhance
customer demands. customer service efficiency. The Company’s decentralized management
includes the following guidelines:
Moreover, the Company manages customer complaints efficiently, emphasizing
timely, and precise problem resolution to foster long-term, positive relationships with 1. Enhancing the capabilities of middle management by focusing on essential
customers. It maintains a continuous feedback and improvement system to skills training and conducting comprehensive 360-degree performance
delivering service excellence and elevate the customer experience. The Company evaluations for developing their potential and readiness for effective
enhances all aspects of its services to maximize customer satisfaction, building a business management, enabling them to lead their teams efficiently and
strong and stable customer base that is a key driver for sustainable growth and support sustainable growth while addressing future challenges with
long-term success, particularly in expanding the customer base and strengthening confidence
competitiveness in challenging markets.
2. Establishing an effective internal control system, emphasizing quality
control in operations and services in alignment with international
standards. Continuous monitoring and performance evaluation will be
implemented to ensure that every operational process is efficient and
Strategy 3
adheres to principles of good governance.
Portfolio Management
3. Continuous development of technology and internal system to support
middle management in systematic data management. This also includes
improving customer service to be more convenient and swifter, while
The Company places great importance on managing the loan portfolio to ensure
ensuring robust data security measures.
high quality, reduce risks, and generate appropriate returns. This is achieved
through continuous credit analysis and monitoring to manage the loan portfolio
effectively. The Company also focuses on developing and improving technology
to diversify products and create models tailored to all customer groups, aiming to
ensure long-term stability of the loan portfolio. The following strategies are applied Brach Affair
in the operation:
1. Credit analysis and screening, by evaluating the qualifications and District Manager
repayment ability of customers through clear and complete communication,
providing accurate information to ensure effective decision-making, reduce
repayment risks, and create financial stability. Full Branch
2. Efficient debt collection, using the MTC Model to manage debt at an
appropriate level, with a focus on continuous debt status evaluation. The
Company also emphasizes the importance of protecting customer personal
data to ensure the highest security in the debt collection process.
3. Continuous improvement and development, through the use of technology
and Big Data to analyze credit trends and create models that meet the future 10 Sub-Branches 10 Service Centers
behavior and needs of customers. This aims to generate high-quality loans
that align with customers' long-term repayment abilities.
23 24
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Overview of Company Policies
The Company is committed to operating efficiently, transparently, and
sustainably, adhering to management principles that consider the impact on
the economy, society, and the environment. It is also responsible for all
stakeholders. The Company’s key policies cover important areas such as good
corporate governance and sustainable development.
Corporate Ethical Business Operations
Governance Personal Data Protection Policy AML/CTPF Policy Anti-Corruption Policy Conflict of Interest Stakeholder
The Company protects the personal data Anti-Money Laundering and Counter- The Company is committed to preventing Prevention Policy Responsibility Policy
and combating all forms of corruption by
of customers, employees, and stakeholders Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapon of The Company is committed to
conducting business with integrity, The Company has measures in place to
in accordance with the Personal Mass Destruction Financing (AML/CTPF) conducting its business with good
transparency, and in accordance with prevent and manage conflicts of interest
Data Protection Act (PDPA). Policy. The Company follows strict legal corporate governance, always considering
principles of good governance. by requiring directors, executives, and
the impact, expectations, and feedback
measures to prevent money laundering, employees to avoid decisions or actions
Responsible Lending Policy financial support for terrorism, and the Intellectual Property Policy that could conflict with the interests of from stakeholders. Adequate and
appropriate risk management is
proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The Company respects and complies the Company or related parties.
The Company provides loans that are implemented to ensure effective
This includes rigorous oversight of financial with intellectual property laws, ensuring Transparency and honesty are promoted
appropriate for the customer's ability to responses to the needs of all
that it does not infringe upon the to maintain credibility and fairness in all
transactions and implementing customer due
repay, avoiding over-indebtedness. It also intellectual property rights of others. It operations. stakeholders, thereby enhancing the
ensures clear communication of loan terms diligence procedures to ensure compliance also encourages the creation and proper financial stability and sustainability of the
and interest rates to customers. with relevant laws and regulations. use of its own intellectual property. business.
Sustainability Economic Dimension Social Dimension Environmental
Dimension
Development Risk Management Policy Procurement Policy Human Rights and Complaint Management
The Company conducts procurement Labor Treatment Policy Policy Resource Management
The Company manages potential risks
processes in a transparent and fair manner,
arising from business operations by using Treat all employees and workers fairly, Provide clear and secure channels for Policy
considering both quality and cost-
effective processes. It also promotes a equally, and without discrimination,
complaints, ensuring thorough investigation
culture of risk awareness and management effectiveness. All procurement activities follow adhering to basic human rights Optimize operations for efficiency,
and resolution with transparency to build
at all levels of the organization. relevant legal guidelines and regulations. principles. reduce environmental impacts, support
trust and satisfaction among all parties.
innovation to lower greenhouse gas
Safety and Occupational emissions, and aim for Net Zero. Raise
Tax Management Policy Sustainability Performance
Social Value Return Policy environmental awareness among
Health Policy
The Company adheres strictly to tax laws Development Policy employees, customers, and stakeholders.
and implements transparent, responsible tax Disclose sustainability information Establish clear practices to promote Encourage non-profit social activities
planning to ensure that tax payments are that meets recognized standards a safe working environment and that foster social awareness and
made correctly and efficiently. and is accepted by institutions of raise awareness through internal business responsibility to create a
listed companies. communication channels regularly. happy society.
25 26
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Development for Sustainability
1. Loan Product Development based on ESG with 3. Service Development of
Asset-Based Assessment Approach Security for Customer’s
Occupational Health
To provide a financial access to the retail customers and to clearly meet variety of demands, the Company
categorizes type of loan by analyzing these groups of customers and objectives of loan application. This
The Company is committed to establishing the
procedure is done to ensure that the financial access is capable of providing or raising the financial liquidity
service standard, engaging employees on training
inclusively. Additionally, in 2025, the International Finance Corporation (IFC) invests in issuance of Social
and including a service assessment as one of the
Bond, providing more opportunities of financial access for women entrepreneurs to embrace equality in
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), based on
gender and occupation.
customer service performance, as follows:
1. The Company has determined to provide
The proportion of female The proportion of funding The amount of CO2
excellent service to create a good impression
entrepreneurs receiving support for low-income reduced from Solar Cell
business expansion funding. customer groups. loan products. experience for customers.
51 54 92
% % 2. The Company has determined that all
tonCO e
2
employees strictly adhere to the Company’s
regulations and policies.
The proportion of customer occupation groups
receiving Social Bond. 3. The Company ensures that office equipment
is regularly inspected to ensure convenience
27.88 %
and safety, avoiding any potential harm to
26.51 %
customers.
21.04 %
20.22 %
4. The office is cleaned daily to maintain a clean
4.35 % workplace and a positive environment for
both employees and customers.
C S i t v a i t l e s e e r n v t a e n rp ts r i a se n s d Trad b e u s a i n n d e s p s r e i s vate e C m o p m lo p y a e n e y s Daily wage earners l A iv g e r s ic t u o l c t k u r g a r l o a u n p d s 5. The Company communicates with customers
and other stakeholders via diverse platforms.
2. Development of Ethical Standards in the Industry
Complaints relating to employees and
workplaces are managed, representing
The Company commits to encouraging financial awareness and discipline to cultivate
borrowing responsibility among customers,assisting them to manage their own debt in the
most beneficial way to their selves, family and society in overall. In a case that customer face 100%
difficulties of debt repayment, the Company has the appropriate remedialmeasure for them.
The measure is stated clearly, transparently and easily to understand. This reflexes the
commitment of the Company that isdetermined to establisha society where everyonecan
achieve a financial sustainability and to promote the development of domestic economic
system growing sustainably in the long run.
27 28
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
4. Development of knowledge 6. Innovation Development
and Financial Discipline and Digital Transformation
for Customers
Providing financial education through Muangthai 4.0 Application
various channels
The Company has a policy to develop various online
Providing financial literacy and promoting modules, such as online loan payments and other
financial management skills is crucial in
future services. By 2025, the Muangthai 4.0 app had
helping the public plan their finances
smoothly in daily life, reducing the risk of 998,483 users, an increase of 26.71% compared to
Covering all aspects of financial management,
financial problems in the future. The focus is 2024. The Company continually reviews user
including investment, savings, spending, and promoting
on reducing unnecessary debt and reliance
feedback to improve app processes, ensuring greater
debt management knowledge to establish a necessary
on informal loans, which will help alleviate
household debt in both short term and long foundation before incurring debt. This includes convenience and speed of service. Additionally, the
term. The Company has implemented a policy assessing repayment capacity, understanding types of Company collaborates with commercial banks,
of spreading knowledge through social media loans, interest rate, and calculating both fixed and foreign banks, and specialized financial institutions to
channels, with over 607,646 followers
amortizing interest rate. Additionally, employees are expand bill payment channels and financial
nationwide, on an ongoing basis.
encouraged to share essential information about loan
transactions through electronic channels. It has also
applications, along with advice, precautions, benefits,
adopted a new marketing strategy by enhancing
and financial knowledge that directly benefits
special offers and new personal loans through the
customers. This will help individuals manage their
app for easier customer access.
finances and debt more effectively.
5. Respecting Customer
Satisfaction, Rights, and
Personal Data
The Company places the highest importance on AI Chatbot Development
protecting the rights and interests of customers
Since 2019, the Company has developed an AI
(Client Protection) in accordance with international
Chatbot to enhance and improve communication
standards, ensuring that every customer is treated
with customers through social media channels,
fairly. This includes providing equal lending services,
legal debt collection, the right to submit complaints, making it more efficient and faster. The AI
rejection of aggressive sales practices, transparent Chatbot can answer basic customer inquiries
collateral management, financial assistance in times regarding loan products, the loan application
of difficulty, and the protection of personal data. The process, and branch locations. The Company
Company has communicated and disseminated the
believes that the AI Chatbot is an important
customer rights protection policy and the Personal
communication tool that can connect and
Data Protection Act (PDPA) through its website and
support customer engagement, enabling the
internal communication systems (MTCU). All employees
company to maintain interactions with customers
have signed acknowledgment forms and completed
even outside of business hours.
training, followed by knowledge testing through the
E-Learning system, to raise awareness and regularly
review any legal changes
29 30
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Use of Proceeds from the Raised Funds
Estimated amount Estimated Period
Spending Details / Reasons
(Million Baht) of Time
7. Development of the Internal Sustainability
1. To repay a loan or debt 24,826.60 Within Use the funds from the issuance of
System within the Organization from issuing debentures January 2026 debentures and/or bills of exchange to
repay the outstanding debt
The Company is committed to elevating its standards to a global level 2. Acquisition of assets, investments, 10,862.93 Within To expand the loan portfolio of the
through the systematic use of technology and innovation in performance or business expenses related to December 2026 debenture issuance
management. This is achieved by developing a sustainability tracking and ongoing business operations
performance dashboard, covering economic, social, and environmental
dimensions. The data-driven approach enhances efficiency in analysis, The Company has no commitments in the registration statement and/or the conditions of approval from the relevant authorities and/or the conditions for
securities acceptance by the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
strategy adjustment, risk mitigation, and drives the organization toward
sustainable growth in the following aspects:
Applicable Laws for Offering of Debt Securities
Economic aspect
Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535 (1992) as amended Other applicable laws relating to debt instruments
The Company has developed a credit management process at all levels, and financial contracts, including the Civil and
Section 69 and 70 (Filing)
from service centers, sub-branches, and full branches to the overall Commercial Code (loan agreements and debt
organization, to ensure the quality of the loan portfolio, reduce risks, and Section 82-89 (Information disclosure) instrument contracts), applicable tax laws, and
generate appropriate returns. Key data, such as NPL ratio, product Notifications and rules issued by the Securities and electronic transactions law
proportion, and number of branches, are used to analyze, monitor, and
Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding the issuance
Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) to collect,
manage the loan portfolio through debt collection measures, debt
and offering of debt instruments, including the SEC
use and disclose information of shareholders,
restructuring, and risk assessment tools to prevent NPLs. This approach
Notification on applications for approval to offer debt
investors and parties related to the debt
considers long-term impacts for the sustainability of both the organization
instruments, the SEC Notification on disclosure
instruments
and its employees.
requirements for securities issuers, and the relevant
Debt Securities Regulations Regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand
Social aspect
The Company utilizes customer satisfaction evaluations, covering
products, work processes, service locations, and feedback, as a key tool
General Information of Head Office Location
for continuous service analysis and improvement. Real-time monitoring of
complaints is facilitated through a sustainability dashboard, enabling
Company Name Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
quick access to comprehensive data, effective issue tracking, and precise
problem resolution. This approach strengthens customer relationships, Security Symbol MTC
enhances the Company's credibility, and delivers a positive customer
experience. Head Office 332/1 Jaransanitwong Road, Bangplad,
Bangplad, Bangkok 10700
Environmental aspect
Business A non-bank institution engages in loan business,
The Company monitors the usage of key resources, including electricity, consisting of Vehicle Title Loan / Land Title Deed
water, fuel, and paper, through Sustainability Dashboards that analyze Loan / Personal Loan / Nano Finance Loan /
and present data in an easy-to-understand format. These dashboards
Motorcycle Hire-Purchase Loan / Consumer Loan /
also assess greenhouse gas emissions and provide comparative data at
Non-Life Insurance Broker Business
the regional and branch levels, enabling informed decision-making and
strategic adjustments that address issues effectively. This is coupled with
Registration No. 0107557000195
raising awareness about resource usage, which not only contributes to
climate change mitigation but also reduces costs and improves Telephone +66 2-483-8888
operational efficiency. In 2025, the Company successfully reduced
Website www.muangthaicap.com
electricity expenses by 38 million Baht and cut greenhouse gas emissions
by over 4,128 tons of CO2 equivalent. This reflects the efficient use of
As of 31st December 2025, the Company had a total of 2,120,000,000 Baht
resource data and reinforces the Company’s commitment to achieving
tangible progress toward its Net Zero Emission target. of ordinary shares, divided into 2,120,000,000 ordinary shares of 1 Baht each.
31 32
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
1.2 Nature of Business
Revenue Structure
Operation
The loan products of the Company are provided and accessed by more
various groups of retail customers and entrepreneurs. The product
designation, conditions, collaterals and credit line are appropriate for
controlling default rate. In addition, the Company empathizes the monitoring
Since Muangthai Captial PCL. is a non-bank financial institution. The Company process of debt tracking, planning on facing all risk factors that might occur,
as well as including the NPL rate as one of the Key Performance Indicators
provide a financial service license under supervision from the Bank of Thailand. It
(KPIs) to assess the performance of employees.
allows to provide unsecured personal loans with the interest rate not exceeding
25% per annum, secured vehicle title loan with the interest rate not exceeding
The Company’s revenue consists of vehicle title loan, land title deed loan,
24% per annum and to provide nano-finance loan for the occupation with the
personal loan, nano finance loan. As the result of such operation, the revenue
interest rate not exceeding 33% per annum. (The interest rates are according to
of the Company has been rising with the development of various products
Notifications of the Bank of Thailand, No. SorNorSor. 12/2563 on the regulations,
and services to meet the customers’ needs.
methods and conditions for conducting personal loan business under supervision
and No. SorNorSor. 13/2563 on the regulations, methods and conditions for
As the result of the Company’s operation in 2025, its primary revenue source
conducting nano-finance service under supervision.)
was interest income, representing 97.63 percent of the total revenue.
The Company's revenue structure is detailed as follows:
Furthermore, the Company has additional services operated by its
Source of Operated % of 2025 2024 2023
subsidiaries; Muangthai Leasing Company Limited (MTLS) engages in
Revenues by shareholding
motorcycle hire purchase loan business; Muangthai Pay Later Company by MTC Mil. Baht % Mil. Baht % Mil. Baht %
Limited (MTPL) engages in consumer loan; Muangthai Leasing Insurance
Interest Income and Fee and Service Income
Broker Company Limited (MTB) engages in insurance brokerage business.
Secured Loan MTC Parent 24,291 79.02 21,212 76.02 17,523 71.45
Company
Unsecured Loan MTC Parent 5,038 16.39 5,042 18.07 5,090 20.75
Company
Hire - Purchase MTLS 99.99 681 2.22 702 2.52 887 3.62
Licenses for the Loan Business Operation
Loan
Total Interest Income and Fee Income 30,010 97.63 26,956 96.61 23,500 95.82
MTC MTC MTC Fee and Service 476 1.55 696 2.49 841 3.43
Income1
Personal Loan Nano Finance E-Payment Income from MTB 99.99 96 0.31 85 0.31 80 0.32
Insurance
License License License
Brokerage
Other Income2 157 0.51 165 0.59 105 0.43
MTPL MTB Total Incomes 30,739 100.00 27,902 100.00 24,526 100.00
1 Fee and Service Income consist of debt collection tracking income.
Personal Loan Non-Life Insurance
2 Other Income consists of providing information to insurance brokers, profits of asset
License Broker License
sale and interest, etc.
33 34
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Social Bond
Products
In 2025, the Company collaborated with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) to issue a Social Bond,
The Company has been committing to offering financial services to the group of retail
aimed at expanding access to financial services for women entrepreneurs, promoting equality regardless of
customers more conveniently and to meet the variety of demands, covering the target group
gender and occupation. This initiative reflects the Company's commitment to becoming a world-class
of customers such as farmers, corporate employees, government officials, state enterprise
organization that champions equal access to funding and sustainable credit service operations.
officials, freelancers and day laborers. It categorizes types of loan by analyzing these groups
of customers, objectives of loan application, cost and risk management of each loan,
Sustainable Small business Secured loan Women Agricultural
ensuring that each loan is capable of providing an opportunity of financial liquidity,
Agricultural life development loan for workers entrepreneurs Productivity
sustainable foundation establishment, long-term growth promotion and inclusively increasing
enhancement loan growth loan enhancement loan
quality of life. Furthermore, the Company has a loan approval method by focusing on
responsible lending principles. This is conducted with the slogan “Excellent Service, Low Loan for retail farmers; to Loan for efficient access Loan for workers; to Loan for women Loan for access to
minimize housing expanses, to fund source; to provide manage expenses, entrepreneurs; to promote technology and agricultural
Interest Rate” as well as a rapid loan approval and efficient service. to maintain the balance of more economic increase the financial the growth and success machinery; to increase
s e living on an appropriate level, opportunities to retail liquidity for living and on their business, engage price of products, develop
v
itc preparing for facing all forms entrepreneurs, promote encourage to access the to access the qualified production process to be
e of economic circumstances long-term working capital. fundamental service for financial resources, eligible, foster income
Loan Services Business jb O and to promote farmers and equal living. increase opportunities and level and the growth of
their family better quality of establish security for Thai agriculture to be
life sustainably. business operation. reinforced.
Car / Motorcycle / Land Title Deed / Motorcycle
n
a o Vehicle Title Vehicle Title Loan Vehicle Title Loan Agricultural Vehicle
Agricultural Vehicle Title Loan Condominium / Accommodation Loan Hire Purchase Loan (MTLS) L
d Motorcycle Hire Land Title Deed Land Title Deed Title Loan
e
r u Purchase Loan Land Title Deed
c
e
S
n a Personal Loan Personal Loan Nano Finance Loan
o
L Nano Finance Loan Nano Finance Loan for Agriculture
d
e Consumer Loan for Agriculture Consumer Loan
r
u
c Consumer Loan
e
s
n
U
Interest rate does not exceed Interest rate does not exceed Interest rate does not exceed
Farmers (farming of rice, Personal Business and Corporate employees, Farmers (farming of rice, Farmers (farming of rice,
24% per year. 15% per year. 23% per year. n o ita c
p
o
a
r
lm
n,
,
s
r
u
u
g
b
a
b
r
e
c
r
a n
as
e ,
w
fr
e
u
l
i
l
t ,
a s
Commerce g
en
o
t
v
e
e
r
r
p
n
r
m
is
e
e
n
o
t
ff
a
ic
n
i
d
a ls
s
,
t a
r
t
id
e
ers,
c
p
o
a
r
lm
n,
,
s
r
u
u
g
b
a
b
r
e
c
r
a n
as
e ,
w
fr
e
u
l
i
l
t ,
a s
c
p
o
a
r
lm
n,
,
s
r
u
u
g
b
a
b
r
e
c
r
a n
as
e ,
w
fr
e
u
l
i
l
t ,
a s
p
u livestock and aquaculture) service officers, day laborers livestock and livestock and
c
No transfer of vehicle titles Flexible repayment options Flexible repayment option c O aquaculture), Personal aquaculture)
Flexible repayment options monthly and installment with monthly installment Business and Commerce
monthly and installment s
G
D
S
Personal Loan Nano Finance Loan Consumer Loan (MTPL) Non–Life Insurance Broker Business (MTB)
To provide personal accident (PA) insurance
operated by non-life insurance broker of
Personal Accident Compulsory Motor Insurance
Muangthai Leasing Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. PA
Insurance Service PA and Vehicle Tax Renewal
insurance provides coverage of accident that
Insurance premium
cause loss of life, dismemberment or permanent Motorcycle
at 180 Baht/year
Interest rate does not exceed disability of the insured. The service also includes Car
Interest rate does not exceed
Interest rate does not exceed Coverage limit of 100,000 Baht
compulsory motor insurance and vehicle tax Agricultural machinery
25% per year. 33% per year. 25% per year. renewal to protect vehicle driver, passenger or Coverage including accident,
Starting loan amount of 5,000 baht dismemberment or disability
Get the goods first, pay later
pedestrian who are injured by a vehicle accident.
Flexible installment plans Flexible installment plans
Flexible installment plans
No guarantor or collateral required No guarantor or collatersl required As for the convenience for customers, the
No guarantor or collatersl required
services are provided at every branch nationwide.
35 36
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
1. Interest Rates and Government Regulations
Marketing and
Government interest rate control aims to protect consumers from excessively
high interest charges. However, it may impact regulated credit providers, as
Competition
interest rate caps could prevent them from setting rates that adequately cover
costs, potentially reducing business profitability. Nevertheless, the Company
adheres to an interest rate policy that is lower than the legal limit, considering
customers' repayment capacity and current market conditions. This approach
ensures that customers can access credit without excessive financial burden
Overview of Thai Economy
while maintaining business sustainability. As a result, the Company is not
and Impacts on the Industry affected by interest rate regulations, as its set rates comply with legal
requirements and strike a balance between profitability and customers’ financial
As of 31st December 2025, non-bank financial institution reported outstanding capacity.
personal loans under supervision, excluding vehicle registration as collateral,
2. The increase in non-performing loans (NPL)
totaling 14,894,210 million Baht. This is in comparison to the outstanding loans
of the same type held by the Company, which amounted to 295,506 million In a slowing economy with rising household debt, overall debt repayment
Baht, representing 1.98% of the market share. The outstanding loans for capacity has declined, particularly among low-income groups, leading to an
personal loans under the supervision of title loans totaled 6,812,031 million increase in non-performing loans (NPL). However, the Company has
Baht, compared to the Company’s outstanding loans of the same type, which implemented strict lending practices, prioritizing customers' repayment ability,
amounted to 392,744 million Baht, representing 5.77% of market share. Nano promoting financial discipline, and offering debt assistance measures to
finance had a total value of 5,157,867 million Baht, compared to the effectively manage risk. As a result, NPL in 2025 decreased from the previous
outstanding loans of the same type held by the Company, which amounted to year and remained at a satisfactory level. Additionally, the Company has
92,935 million Baht, representing 1.80% of the market share. enhanced portfolio management by leveraging AI technology for real-time data
analysis, improving debt management efficiency and optimizing loan loss
Currently, the Thai economy has faced challenges from various factors, including
provisions.
inflation affecting the cost of living, the global economic slowdown, and tighter
monetary policies. The high policy interest rates have increased financial costs,
3. Increased competition
impacting household spending and business investment. Although the tourism
sector has been recovering steadily and serves as a key driver of the economy,
The vehicle title loan business faces intensified competition as more providers
the export sector and domestic consumption continue to grow at a limited
enter the market. In 2025, competition focused on enhancing services and
pace. As a result, there has been an increased demand for credit from non-
diversifying products to meet the needs of low-income customers, benefiting
bank financial institutions, as commercial banks have tightened their lending
both consumers and the industry's overall growth. Despite this, the Company
policies. This has led individuals and businesses who are unable to access bank
remained committed to service excellence, leveraging its 8,673 nationwide
loans to turn to Non-bank credit services more frequently.
branches to ensure comprehensive community access. Additionally, the
Company had expanded online platforms for greater convenience and customer
reach while diversifying products to cater to various customer segments,
resulting in the largest customer base and loan portfolio in the industry.
Competition Overview of the
Industry in the Previous Year
In 2025, the Company continued to expand efficiently and maintain satisfactory growth amidst high competition
In 2025, the microfinance or small-scale lending sector in Thailand faced and market volatility. Effective risk management allowed the Company to operate sustainably. Furthermore, the
economic volatility and political uncertainty, along with the need to adapt Company prioritized all stakeholders to create positive impacts on society and the environment, while adapting to
to high-risk lending, such as personal and business loans for low-income economic trends and market changes, positioning itself as a model for sustainable business development.
groups. The incomplete economic recovery after COVID-19 led to cautious
borrowing behavior, slowing new loan disbursements and affecting overall
credit growth in the industry.
37 38
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Assets Used in
Lending policy
Business Operation
The company focuses on offering products that are appropriate and
aligned with customer needs, considering their ability to repay and
managing the risks associated with lending carefully. The company also
Principal fixed assets for Details of the Appraisal
places great importance on advertising and communicating accurate,
business operations of the Property complete, and verifiable information to build customer confidence in their
decision-making. Furthermore, the company promotes financial literacy and
As of 31st December 2025, the Company had fixed assets - (Note to the financial statements No.8) effective financial management to ensure that customers can plan their
that were used in business operations. The net book value
finances in a stable and sustainable manner. The following guidelines are
is 1,221.82 million Baht with the head office building located
implemented:
at 332/1 Bangplad, Bangplad, Bangkok, Thailand. There are
Undelivered work
12 buildings owned by the Company. Almost all of the Designing appropriate products, involves setting interest rates in
Company’s branch offices are the rented buildings. accordance with the guidelines and policies of the Bank of Thailand
- Not any -
(BoT), while adhering to principles of transparency and fairness to ensure
that customers receive financial terms that are suitable and aligned with
Property Property Net Book Value Obligations
their ability to repay. Additionally, the company manages credit risks
List Features (million Baht)
efficiently, focusing on creating a variety of products that enhance the
Land 274.56
long-term financial potential of customers.
Office buildings Owned by 351.61 Without
Building the Company 595.65 Obligations Preventing the occurrence of non-performing loans (NPLs) beyond
improvement acceptable standards, involves systematically assessing the customer's
ability to repay, considering key factors such as income and expenses.
The determination of the credit limit is based on appropriateness and
Product and
alignment with the customer’s financial capacity, aiming to prevent NPLs
and maintain the quality of the loan portfolio in the long term. This
Service Provision approach also helps customers manage their debt burdens appropriately.
Transparency : The Company discloses clear and complete information
Sources and Uses of Funds regarding interest rates, fees, and the calculation of all costs to enable
customers to make informed decisions. Additionally, the company places
As of 31st December 2025, the Company’s major sources of funds consist of importance on transparent advertising, conducting responsible marketing
loans from financial institution amounting to 16.14 percent, borrowing through that avoids causing any misunderstandings about key details, ensuring
the issuance of bonds (debentures and bills of exchange) amounting to 55.55 that customers carefully consider the necessity of incurring debt.
percent with the finance sources from the shareholders amounting to 22.31
percent. Regarding the utilization of funds as of 31st December 2025, credits Treating customers with respect and fairness,with consideration for
were granted to retail customers, among other uses. human rights and equality, without discrimination or harassment. The
company adheres to labor laws and places importance on the protection
of personal data, ensuring that data is collected, stored, and disclosed in
Issued Bonds and Loans accordance with legal requirements.
Governance and Human Resource Management, The Company
As of 31st December 2025, and 2024, the outstanding bonds and domestic
focuses on creating a culture of prudent lending among employees,
loans are as follows:
always considering the best interests of customers in all aspects. This is
done to prevent potential negative impacts, such as inappropriate
Interest rates 2025 2024 aggressive sales tactics, complaints, and corruption. The goal is to build
Unit: Million Baht Due
(%) (million Baht) (million Baht)
trust and maintain the company's positive image in the long term.
Debentures 2.02-5.82 2026-2033 105,890 88,567
Bills of exchange 1.83-2.33 2026 490 2,961
Loans from financial institution 2.93-4.97 2026-2031 31,043 32,796
Total 137,423 124,323
39 40
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
1.3
Shareholding
Shareholders
Structure
List of the top 10 Shareholders as of 12th November 2025 is as follows:
Name of Shareholders Number of Shares %
Shareholding Structure of the 1. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai 720,000,000 33.962
2. Mr. Parithad Petampai 304,028,200 14.341
Company and Its Subsidiaries
3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai 300,030,300 14.152
4. UBS AG SINGAPORE BRANCH * 110,000,000 5.189
Regarding the Company’s investments in the subsidiaries as of 31st December 2025, the
Company holds investments in its subsidiaries, in which it owns 10 percent or more of the 5. Thai NVDR Company Limited 79,724,984 3.761
issued and paid-up shares, Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited directly holds 99.99
6. Vayupak Fund 1 52,322,600 2.468
percent of the 3 subsidiaries; Muangthai Leasing Insurance Broker Company Limited, Muangthai
Leasing Company Limited and Muangthai Pay Later Company Limited. The shareholding 7. SOUTH EAST ASIA UK (TYPE C) NOMINEES LIMITED 22,886,418 1.080
structure of the Company is as follows:
8. TISCO MASTER POOLED REGISTERED PROVIDENT FUND 17,714,500 0.836
9. SOCIAL SECURITY OFFICE 14,943,900 0.705
Muangthai Capital
10. STATE STREET EUROPE LIMITED 12,008,066 0.566
Public Company Limited (MTC)
Paid-Up Capital 2,120 Million Baht Total 1,633,656,868 77.059
Source: The Thailand Securities Depository Company Limited
Remark: * It acts as custodian holding shares on behalf of the beneficial owners, as follows:
the 2nd place, Mr. Parithad Petampai, amounting to 55,000,000 shares
the 3rd place, Dr. Suksit Patcharachai, amounting to 55,000,000 shares
Muangthai Leasing Muangthai Leasing Muangthai Pay Later
The Company has no individuals who may have a conflict of interest by holding more than 10%
Company Limited Insurance Broker Company Company Limited
of shares in subsidiaries or associated companies.
(MTLS) Limited (MTB) (MTPL)
Group of Controlling Shareholders Influencing Management Policy or Operation
Location Bangkok Bangkok Bangkok
of the Company
Nature of Business Hire-Purchase Insurance Brokerage Installment loan
Names of Shareholders Number of Shares %
Registered Capital
1,000 2 1,000
(Million Baht) 1. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai 720,000,000 33.962
Paid-Up Capital 2. Mr. Parithad Petampai 359,028,200 16.935
1,000 2 1,000
(Million Baht)
3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai 355,030,300 16.746
Total of Issued
10,000,000 20,000 10,000,000 4. Mr. Surapong Pechaumpai 980,100 0.046
Shares
Total 1,435,038,600 67.691
Proportion of
9,999,997 19,998 9,999,996
Shares Holding
Investors can access information about the Company's controlling shareholders
Ratio of Shares Holding 99.99 99.99 99.99 from the shareholder register book as of the closing date before the Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders which is available on the Company's website for the latest
Type of Shares Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares Ordinary Shares
year. This information can be found under the topic of “Shareholder Info”.
The Company does not engage in business through holding shares in other
Remark: The Company has no characteristics of cross-shareholding or indirect shareholding of the Company’s subsidiaries.
companies (Holding Company), nor does it have any agreements between
Additionally, the Company has not provided or guaranteed a loan for other companies which are not the Company’s
controlling shareholders (Shareholding Agreement).
subsidiaries.
41 42
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
1.4 Registered Capital 1.5 Issuance of Other
and Paid-Up Capital Securities
Convertible Securities
- Not any -
Debt Securities
The Company’s major sources of funds are the shareholder’s equity and
Registered
debts comprising loans from financial institutes. As of 31st December
2025, the Company had outstanding credits approved by the commercial
Capital
banks amounting 31,043 million Baht and outstanding bonds totaling of
105,890 million Baht which were the issuance of debentures to financial
institutes and major investors.
The Company has a registered capital of
2,120,000,000 Baht paid-up for 2,120,000,000
Information on the Company’s Debt Instruments
Baht divided into 2,120,000,000 ordinary
Offered for Sale
shares at a par value of 1.00 Baht each.
In 2025, the Company issued and offered both international and domestic
debentures to investor 8 times for business operations to be used as working
capital in the business, to repay the loans or debts from the issuance of debt
securities or to finance or refinance in whole or in part, eligible social projects.
As of 12th November 2025, the Company’s The aggregate value of these unsecured debentures is 107,005.54 million Baht.
ordinary shares were held by NVDRs in the
amount of 79,724,984 shares. Since the
Issuance Interest
issuance of NVDR is not under the control of Maturity Amount
Non-Voting the Company, the investors can verify the Names of Debenture Date of Debenture (Mil. Baht) Rate Offering Type
number of NVDR shares from the website of Debenture (%)
Depository Receipt the Stock Exchange of Thailand at 1. Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 27/05/2021 26/05/2026 500.00 3.65 Offering to institutional investors
www.set.or.th/nvdr Company Limited No. 3/2564 Tranche 4
Due B.E. 2569
(NVDR) 2. Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 26/08/2021 25/08/2026 996.40 3.70 Offering to general public
The effect on voting rights of having common Company Limited No. 4/2564 Tranche 4
Due B.E. 2569
NVDR shares is that the shares that have
3. Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 09/11/2021 03/11/2026 1,000.00 3.70 Offering to general public
been issued as NVDR will not be exercised at
Company Limited No. 6/2564 Tranche 3
shareholders’ meetings except in case of Due B.E. 2569
voting on the delisting of shares from the 4. Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 23/02/2022 23/02/2026 1,391.00 3.45 Offering to general public
listed securities on the Stock Exchange. If a Company Limited No. 2/2565 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2569
large number of NVDRs are issued, the voting
5. Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 23/02/2022 22/02/2027 1,000.00 3.70 Offering to general public
shares of the Company will decrease and
Company Limited No. 2/2565 Tranche 3
voting rights of other shareholders will Due B.E. 2570
increase. 6. Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 08/06/2022 08/06/2026 1,831.10 3.75 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 4/2565 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2569
43 44
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
Issuance Interest Issuance Interest
Maturity Amount Maturity Amount
Names of Debenture Date of Rate Offering Type Names of Debenture Date of Rate Offering Type
ชชื่อื่อหหุ้นุ้นกกูู้้ Debenture (Mil. Baht) ชชื่อื่อหหุ้นุ้นกกูู้้ Debenture (Mil. Baht)
Debenture (%) Debenture (%)
7.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 08/06/2022 07/06/2027 933.20 3.90 Offering to general public 26.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 09/04/2024 09/04/2026 2,620.00 4.29 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 4/2565 Tranche 3 Company Limited No. 4/2567 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2570 Due B.E. 2569
8.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 06/07/2022 06/07/2027 500.00 3.90 Offering to institutional investors 27.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 09/04/2024 09/04/2027 250.00 4.80 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 5/2565 Tranche 2 Company Limited No. 4/2567 Tranche 3
Due B.E. 2570 Due B.E. 2570
9.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 27/10/2022 27/04/2026 1,634.60 4.00 Offering to general public 28.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 17/05/2024 08/06/2026 2,107.70 4.30 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 8/2565 Tranche 2 Company Limited No. 5/2567 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2569 Due B.E. 2569
10.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 21/02/2023 16/03/2026 1,995.20 4.10 Offering to general public
29.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 17/05/2024 07/06/2027 2,842.80 4.80 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 2/2566 Tranche 3
Company Limited No. 5/2567 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2569
Due B.E. 2570
11.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 21/02/2023 15/03/2027 927.70 4.30 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 2/2566 Tranche 4 30.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 17/05/2024 13/06/2028 2,170.50 4.95 Offering to general public
Due B.E. 2570 Company Limited No. 5/2567 Tranche 3
Due B.E. 2571
12.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 21/02/2023 13/03/2028 1,121.10 4.50 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 2/2566 Tranche 5 31.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 09/07/2024 09/07/2026 710.00 4.29 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 6/2567 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2571
Due B.E. 2569
13.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 09/06/2023 09/06/2026 1,980.20 4.45 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 4/2566 Tranche 3 32.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 21/08/2024 25/08/2026 768.80 4.30 Offering to general public
Due B.E. 2569 Company Limited No. 7/2567 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2569
14.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 09/06/2023 08/06/2027 1,519.20 4.65 Offering to general public
33.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 21/08/2024 24/08/2027 1,061.20 4.80 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 4/2566 Tranche 4
Company Limited No. 7/2567 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2570
Due B.E. 2570
15.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 24/08/2023 25/08/2026 1,399.70 4.70 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 6/2566 Tranche 2 34.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 21/8/2024 29/08/2028 754.40 4.95 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 7/2567 Tranche 3
Due B.E. 2569
Due B.E. 2571
16.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 24/08/2023 24/08/2027 1,332.40 4.80 Offering to general public
35.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 31/10/2024 03/11/2026 852.80 3.50 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 6/2566 Tranche 3
Company Limited No. 8/2567 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2570
Due B.E. 2569
17.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 25/10/2023 03/11/2026 1,064.40 4.75 Offering to general public
36.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 31/10/2024 02/11/2027 1,468.00 3.80 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 7/2566 Tranche 2
Company Limited No. 8/2567 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2569 Due B.E. 2570
18.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 25/10/2023 02/11/2027 812.70 4.90 Offering to general public
37.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 31/10/2024 07/11/2028 1,679.20 4.00 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 7/2566 Tranche 3
Company Limited No. 8/2567 Tranche 3
Due B.E. 2570 Due B.E. 2571
19.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 26/12/2023 09/06/2026 592.20 4.40 Offering to general public 38.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/01/2025 13/06/2028 2,371.20 3.90 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 9/2566 Tranche 2 Company Limited No. 1/2568 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2569 Due B.E. 2571
20.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 23/01/2024 23/01/2026 170.00 4.30 Offering to institutional investors 39.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/01/2025 26/02/2030 1,165.90 4.20 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 1/2567 Company Limited No. 1/2568 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2569 Due B.E. 2573
21.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 08/03/2024 16/03/2026 1,042.30 4.30 Offering to general public 40.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/01/2025 24/02/2032 1,462.90 4.60 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 2/2567 Tranche 1 Company Limited No. 1/2568 Tranche 3
Due B.E. 2569 Due B.E. 2575
22.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 08/03/2024 15/03/2027 1,999.70 4.80 Offering to general public 41.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 01/04/2025 11/06/2026 5,000.00 0.00 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 2/2567 Tranche 2 Company Limited No. 2/2568 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2570 Due B.E. 2569
23.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 08/03/2024 13/03/2028 958.00 4.95 Offering to general public 42.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 1/4/2025 01/03/2027 4,700.00 0.00 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 2/2567 Tranche 3 Company Limited No. 2/2568 Tranche 2
Due B.E. 2571 Due B.E. 2570
24.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/03/2024 15/03/2027 250.0 4.80 Offering to institutional investors 43.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 01/04/2025 01/08/2028 300.00 3.78 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 3/2567 Tranche 1 Company Limited No. 2/2568 Tranche 3
Due B.E. 2570 Due B.E. 2571
25.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/03/2024 13/03/2028 250.00 4.95 Offering to institutional investors 44.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 30/05/2025 29/05/2029 3,739.40 3.90 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 3/2567 Tranche 2 Company Limited No. 3/2568 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2571 Due B.E. 2572
45 46
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 1 Structure and Operation of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
and its Subsidiaries
1.6
Dividend Payment Policy
Issuance Interest
Maturity Amount
Names of Debenture Date of Rate Offering Type
Debenture (Mil. Baht)
Debenture (%)
45.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 30/05/2025 28/05/2030 2,837.70 4.10 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 3/2568 Tranche 2 The Company adheres to a dividend payment policy,
Due B.E. 2573
wherein dividends are not to exceed 50 percent of the net
46.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 30/05/2025 25/05/2032 1,222.90 4.30 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 3/2568 Tranche 3 profit derived from the separate financial statements of
Due B.E. 2575
both the Company and its subsidiaries each year, after
47.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/08/2025 04/09/2029 3,182.90 3.80 Offering to general public accounting for corporate income tax deductions, legal
Company Limited No. 4/2568 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2572 reserve allocations, and any carried-forward accumulated
48.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/08/2025 3/09/2030 4,487.50 4.00 Offering to general public losses. Dividends are distributed equally per share, as
Company Limited No. 4/2568 Tranche 2
approved by the shareholders' meeting. However, the
Due B.E. 2573
49.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 28/08/2025 31/08/2032 2,329.60 4.15 Offering to general public Board of Directors may pay interim dividends to
Company Limited No. 4/2568 Tranche 3
shareholders whenever the Company is profitable enough.
Due B.E. 2575
Following dividend disbursement, the shareholders'
50.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 02/10/2025 02/10/2028 1,000.00 0.00 Offering to institutional investors
Company Limited No. 5/2568
meeting will be informed and acknowledge the details in
Due B.E. 2571
the subsequent meeting.
51.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 27/11/2025 27/11/2028 700.00 2.95 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 6/2568 Tranche 1
Due B.E. 2571
However, the dividend payment is subject to change
52.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 27/11/2025 27/11/2029 400.00 3.15 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 6/2568 Tranche 2 depending on the business expansion plan, liquidity, the
Due B.E. 2572
need for working capital to manage the business, and the
53.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 27/11/2025 25/11/2031 500.00 3.50 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 6/2568 Tranche 3 Company’s business expansion including the economic
Due B.E. 2574
conditions and other suitability in the future.
54.Debenture of Muangthai Capital Public 27/11/2025 27/11/2033 900.00 4.00 Offering to general public
Company Limited No. 6/2568 Tranche 4
Due B.E. 2576
55.U.S.$50,000,000 Senior Unsecured 22/08/2024 16/08/2027 1,269.74 0.00 Offering to institutional investors
Amortising Social Bond Due August 2027 Company’s Dividend Payment History
56.U.S.$335,000,000 6.875 per cent. Senior 30/09/2024 30/09/2028 10,634.11 0.00 Offering to institutional investors
Unsecured Amortising Social Notes
Approval Payment Dividend Rate Amount
Due 2028
Dividend payment list
Date Schedule per Share (Baht) (Million Baht)
57.U.S.$350,000,000 7.550 per cent. Senior 21/07/2025 21/07/2030 11,110.26 0.00 Offering to institutional investors
Unsecured Amortising Social Notes
Annual Dividend 2025 22/4/2026 15/5/2025 0.29 614.80
Due 2030
58.S$64,000,000 2.15 per cent. Senior 14/10/2025 14/10/2028 1,590.04 2.15 Offering to institutional investors Annual Dividend 2024 22/4/2025 15/5/2025 0.25 530.00
Unsecured Guaranteed Social Notes
Due 2028 Annual Dividend 2023 23/4/2024 16/5/2024 0.21 445.20
59.U.S.$350,000,000 7.550 per cent. Senior 14/10/2025 14/10/2030 1,614.89 2.28 Offering to institutional investors
Unsecured Amortising Social Notes Annual Dividend 2022 18/4/2023 17/5/2023 0.95 2,014.00
Due 2030
Total 107,005.54
47 48
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 1
Business Operation and
Operational Performance
Risk Management
2.1 51
Risk Management Policy and Framework
2.2 58
Risk Factors
49 50
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
2.1 Risk Management
Risk Management Structure
Policy and Framework
To report The Board of Directors
The Board of Directors To communicate
Approve the risk policy and acceptable risk scopes
Govern and monitor the risk management, ensuring
compliance with and practicing the policy efficiently and
continuously.
“Establish a risk management framework that addresses both
Risk Management Audit
existing and potential risks to the organization, covering all
Committee Committee The Risk Management Committee
dimensions, including policies, operational processes, and Review a report of the risk management to be on an
acceptable level.
external factors. Develop plans for prevention, control, and
timely preparedness to manage these risks”
The Audit Committee
Secretary of the Risk
Management Committee Proceeds an independent review, ensuring that the risk
management is conducted effectively.
Head of the Risk Management Operation
The risk management policy is
Mr. Amornthep Pookang
a part of the sustainability policy. Secretary of the Risk Management Committee
Currently, the Company has an enveloping risk Proposes a policy, strategic plans and specifies key risks.
management aligning with the enterprise risk Coordinates with the Board or related parties.
management (ERM) with the objectives of providing Reports the risk management to the Risk Management
Strategies and Frameworks Managing Director
responsibilities inclusively and in the same direction Committee on a semi-annual basis.
within the Company, efficiently promoting a capability
1. Provide a risk report in accordance with
of a sustainable competition with rapid changes of TheExecutives and employees
the comprehensive management process.
surrounding factors. Manage and report risks to executives in daily operations.
2. Arrange a workshop with participation of all
employees and appropriately establish a Working Group Internal Audit
Agency
Working Group
working group.
Cultivating a culture through internal communication or
Proposes a policy and strategic plans to the Managing
meetings on various agendas not only raises 3. Manage risks by simulating real-life scenarios Branch Affairs Department Internal Audit Department
Director.
Debt Collection Department
with a suitable frequency.
awareness among executives, employees, and related
Human Resources Department Implement approved risk management policies and
parties but also encourages everyone in the Company 4. Review the risk management in accordance Accounting Department guidelines into practice within the responsible department.
to participate in analyzing and assessing risks, with the Company’s vision and goals. Finance Department Promote a risk management and internal control culture
potential impacts and continuously monitor and review 5. Monitor the operation assessment in accordance IT Development Department within responsible departments.
operations. This ensures systematic and consistent with the set plan. Technical Support Department
Treasury and IR Department
management with a unified standard.
6. Report on the operations at all levels at least The Internal Audit Department
Company Secretary Department
twice a year. General Administration and Proceeds a review to ensure that the internal control is
Marketing Department conducted appropriately at least once a year.
7. Integrate risk criteria into product and service
Compliance Department Plans an audit following the risk factors.
development and improvement.
Building Department Coordinates with the working groups to exchange
8. Conduct reviews of risk manuals and policies Efficiency and Sustainability risk information which may affect the Company.
at least once a year. Department
51 52
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Risk Management Culture
1. Risk Identification and Analysis
1. Executives and employees must integrate risk management into operations, decision-
making, and daily tasks. The procedure for understanding the causes of risk exposure identifies events
2. Executives and employees must manage risks that impact the achievement of the or process activities that might lead to failure, damage, and non-achievement
Company’s objectives. of the Company’s objectives or goals, considering both internal and external
3. Executives and employees must monitor, evaluate, and participate in improving the risk factors as well as covering the operation of all dimensions of the Company.
management system for greater efficiency.
2. Risk Assessment
Risk Management Process
2.1 Likelihood Level: is a possibility of incidents incurred. Likelihood is
considered from:
Process of the risk management starts with identifying risks; assessing level of risks from impacts
Level Likelihood Frequency
and frequency; responding risks with 4 options such as accepting, transferring, reducing, and
1 Low Chance to happen every 6-12 months
avoiding; establishing control activities to reduce risks to an acceptable level; internal communication
2 Moderate Chance to happen every 3-6 months
with personnel for understanding and practice the operational process; and monitoring the
3 Medium Chance to happen every 1-3 months
assessment on the risk control to be efficient, including applying on development of risk
4 High Chance to happen every 2 weeks
management frameworks to be more appropriate and efficient.
5 Extreme Chance to happen every week
Risk Identification To ensure clarity in risk identification, the Company categorizes 2.2 Impact Level: severity level of impact of incidents incurred,
and Analysis risks into 10 aspects as follows:
considering the level of severity as follows:
1.) Strategic Risk
2.) Operation Risk
Level Impact Descriptions
3.) Health Risk
4.) Policy and Compliance Risk 1 Low It does not affect the operation process and damage cost is less than 50,000 Baht.
5.) Financial Risk
2 Moderate A first work disruption or force majeure. Damage cost exceeds 50,000 Baht
6.) Environmental Risk
but not more than 200,000 Baht.
7.) Community Risk
8.) Image and Reputation Risk 3 Medium A work disruption and related parties involved. Damage cost exceeds
9.) Emerging Risk 200,000 Baht but not more than 500,000 Baht.
10.) Project Risk 4 High A work disruption lasting longer than acceptable. Damage cost exceeds
500,000 Baht but not more than 1,000,000 Baht.
Risk Assessment Identify risks Assess risk Identify risk Analyze Prioritize 5 Extreme An extended work disruption leading to significant harm to stakeholders.
possibility impact expenses Damage cost exceeds 1,000,000 Baht.
When a risk occurs, it Estimated values of likelihood and impact are calculated by multiplying the
Risk Response
can be:
level of likelihood with the level of impact. The level of risk is divided into
4 levels, encouraging planning and resources management for managing risks
efficiently.
Control Activities Acceptable Unacceptable
Estimated
Risk Level Descriptions
Values
Information Accept the Transfer the Avoid the Reduce the
0-4 Low No risk controlling and no additional risk management
and Communication risk risk risk risk
5-9 Medium Prevent risks not to rise to a high level.
10-15 High Manage risks to keep them at acceptable levels.
Monitoring Arrange a meeting to follow up on the risk management results
and Review on a semi-annual basis. 16-25 Extreme Manage risks to reach acceptable levels with urgency.
53 54
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Risk Management
3. Risk Response
Performance in 2025
3.1 Risk Reduction; the risk might be reduced by establishing a prevention to
decrease the numbers of damages and severities of the incidents that
might occur in the future.
3.2 Risk Transfer; it is a tool used for analyzing and making a decision based Risk Assessment Map
on suitability for each business.
3.3 Risk Avoidance; to avoid involvement in the activities relating to causing a
risk. It should be the last method when there is no other option that can 5 2
manage the risk. 15
7 8
3.4 Risk Acceptance; the risk is assessed and on the acceptable level.
3
4. Control Activities
d
o
o
Control activities are established to ensure the risk management appropriately, h 13 4 5
il
e
as well as being suitable and sufficient for risk level on mistakes and damages k
iL
that might occur.
17
Internal Internal
Risk 1 6
Control Control
16 9 14 12
Control 10 11
Risk 1
Activities
Risk 1 5
Level of Impact
The picture shows the relationship between risks and control activities, in
Risk Issues
addition to adequate internal control. Establishing additional risk control
activities can also help reduce the level of risk to the acceptable level.
1 Risk from labor shortage 11 Risk from cyber threats and data theft
5. Information and Communication
2 Risk from corruption 12 Risk from increasing domestic product prices
Information and communication systems are an important part of achieving risk 3 Risk from competition and new competitors 13 Risk from occupational health and safety
management since this system is a tool which executives disseminate the 4 Risk from increasing domestic interest rates 14 Risk from bond repayment capability
corporate governance policies and monitor the operating results.
5 Risk from funding from financial institute 15 Risk from inefficiency service
6 Risk from liquidity 16 Risk from carbon tax (Emerging Risk)
6. Monitoring and Review
7 Risk from expansion of new branches 17 Risk from failure to meet the Company's GHG emission
The Risk Management Committee arranges a meeting to follow up on the risk targets (Emerging Risk)
8 Risk from increase of NPL
management results of the Company on a semi-annual basis to assess and
9 Risk from natural disaster
improve the policy and guidelines to be consistent with the internal and
external environment of the Company. This includes to manage key risks on 10 Risk from regulations from external agencies
various areas reduced to the acceptable level and to review the risk issues in
accordance with current circumstance annually.
55 56
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Table of Risk Management 2.2 Risk Factors
Performance in 2025
Performance
Risk Issues Impacts Level of Level of Risk Management Risks from Key
impacts Opportunity Plan KRI Target Result
1. Labor shortage Lack of sufficient 5 1 Create motivation and promote Employee turnover Ratio not Ratio 0.54 Operation
personnel to support a positive work environment ratio compared to exceed 1
the Company growth. for employees. new hires
2. Corruption The Company's image and 4 5 Training to develop moral and Number of 0 cases 0 cases
investor confidence. ethical values for employees. corruptions
1. Risks from Key Operation
3. Competition and new Performance not meeting 5 4 Establish a strategic plan Maintain No.1 of the No.1 No.1
competitors targets. to maintain leadership in portfolio ratio in the
the business. market Financial Risks
4. Increasing domestic Increase of financial cost 5 3 Provide alternative funding Average annual Not exceed 4.53%
interest rates sources and adjust interest interest rate 4.2%
Risks from obtaining funding from financial institutions
rates upward.
5. Funding from financial Suspension of credit line usage 5 3 Regularly assess and D/E Ratio Less than 3.48 times
institute and non-approval of new credit monitor financial ratios. 4 times Capital is a key factor in the expansion of the lending business. Over-reliance
lines.
on funding sources, particularly commercial banks, can pose risks from
6. Liquidity Delay in loan disbursement and 5 1 Establish an appropriate The ratio of cash More than 1 1.84
excessive dependence on a single financial institution. Additionally, industry-
branch expansion. funding plan. inflows to outflows.
wide changes can impact the lending policies of smaller financial institutions,
7. Expansion of new The unworthiness of opening 4 5 Review and revise business Debtor outstanding Not less 21.13
branches branches impacts operational plan to suit each area per branch (million than 19 which may become a limitation in obtaining loans for the Company.
performance Baht/branch)
8. Increase of NPL Decrease of net profit 4 5 Reduce providing loans to a Ratio of default on Not exceed 2.53% To diversify risk, the Company has developed a funding plan from both
group of high-risk customers debt payment / 2.8%
and sell NPL to other company portfolio in total domestic and international financial institutions to reduce financial costs and
9. Natural Disaster Operation is discontinued. 3 1 Set a remedial compensation. Number of signages Not exceed 280 359 cases maintain liquidity. The Company uses various funding sources, such as issuing
destroyed by storm cases/year
debentures and borrowing from domestic and international banks, to ensure a
and flood
suitable financial structure and stability in operations. The Company also
10. regulations from Illegal and lack of investor 5 1 Continuously monitor and review Percentage of 100% 100%
external agencies confidence. the regulations or requirements Compliance with continuously improves and develops its funding plan.
set by the Company’s regulators. regulators
11. Cyber threats and Violate the PDPA and 5 1 Adopt advanced technologies Number of 0 cases 0 cases
data theft lose credibility. within the organization. attacked Risk from increase of domestic interest rates
12. Increasing Increase of the 4 1 Set an expense ceiling The ratio of the average Increase by no 1.37%
domestic product Company's operating and source alternative price per unit compared more than 4% decreased The increase in domestic interest rates impacts operational costs, as market
prices costs vendors. to the overall primary
price per unit. fluctuations could lead to higher borrowing costs for the Company.
13. Occupational Operation is discontinued and 2 3 Promote safety activities and Number of incidents in 0 cases 74 cases
health and safety lack of employees at branches. provide equipment such as working hours Currently, the Company is offering loans at interest rates below the legal limit
helmets
set by the Bank of Thailand. However, if financial costs or other liabilities rise in
14. Bond repayment The Company's image and 3 1 Regularly assess the Company's The number of 0 cases/year 0 cases/year
the future, the Company will consider adjusting its interest rate ceiling
capability investor confidence. bond repayment capacity. bond default events.
accordingly. Additionally, the Company has diversified its funding sources by
15. Inefficiency service Unable to maintain the 1 5 Train and provide consultation Customer More than 93.78% issuing bonds, obtaining financing from both domestic and international sectors,
customer base. on proper customer service satisfaction 80%
methods. thereby reducing the risk from domestic interest rate hikes.
16. Carbon tax Increased operational 2 1 Reduce GHG emissions from Expenses due to 0 Baht 0 Baht
(Emerging Risk) costs. organizational operations. carbon tax (Baht) In 2025, the Company entered into a funding agreement with a credit line
17. Failure to meet Loss of investor 2 2 Closely monitor the Amount of carbon Not exceed 11.07% exceeding 270 million USD in collaboration with two global financial institutions:
the Company's GHG emissions confidence and lack of organization's performance and dioxide emission 10% (YoY) decreased
targets (Emerging Risk) credibility. initiate projects aimed at (tonCO2/year) compared to the Bank of China (BOC), Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Sumitomo
reducing GHG emissions. the prior year
Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC).
57 58
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Risk from Financial Liquidity Operational Risks
The Company places significant emphasis on liquidity management. If it is unable
Risks from the lack of employee
to convert assets into cash in a timely manner or secure sufficient funding sources,
it may face difficulties in meeting debt obligations, which could lead to financial With the goal of expanding branches nationwide, recruiting enough staff for the branches to
support business growth may impact operations. Additionally, the microfinance sector is facing
problems and negatively affect investor and creditor confidence in the long term.
increased competition, making recruitment even more challenging. The Company also faces the
Moreover, the Company has developed a liquidity control and management plan to Cash Flow Ratio of Receipts challenge of retaining experienced and skilled employees to stay within the organization.
and Payments in 2025 was
ensure sufficient Cash Flow for both regular operations and crisis situations. This
The Company has planned to recruit sufficient staff to support its growth and has established
1.84
includes cash flow reports, liquidity ratio analysis, and an appropriate funding
initiatives to develop employees’ potential, create opportunities, and motivate them to perform
strategy. In 2025, the Company's cash flow ratio was 1.84, in line with the well. It also promotes career advancement and job security, offering competitive compensation
in line with the
Company's targets. Company’s set targets and benefits. This is achieved through skill development programs, continuous learning support,
and effective performance evaluation criteria. The Company has set a target for the employee
turnover ratio, with new hires not exceeding the number of employees leaving by more than 1:1.
Risk of Branch Expansion Profitability
In 2025, the Company achieved a ratio of 0.54, which is within the acceptable range.
Expanding branch coverage nationwide is a key factor in increasing access to
Risks Related to Occupational Health and Safety
financial services and driving the Company's growth toward its goals. However,
opening new branches also presents risks related to cost-effectiveness. Without Accidents caused by unforeseen circumstances can result in harm to the safety of employees' In 2025, accidents occurred,
lives and property, potentially disrupting operations and affecting business continuity. Therefore, totaling of
effective management, this could impact business performance and investor
the Company prioritizes the welfare of its employees by implementing policies related to 74
confidence.
cases
occupational health, safety, and the work environment. The Company also promotes safety and
The Company rigorously analyzes and plans branch openings through on-site occupational health through various channels within the organization to minimize workplace Equal to 2024
accidents. In 2025, there were 74 reported accidents.
surveys, assessing population density, target customer groups, performance of
nearby branches, and key financial metrics. These include Payback Period and
Risk of providing inefficient services
Return on Investment (ROI), which must not fall below the defined thresholds.
Customers are one of the key stakeholders of the Company. Providing inefficient
Additionally, strategies for acquiring new customers are continuously refined to
services can negatively impact the business in various ways. Not only prevent us
enhance branch operational efficiency. The Company has set a minimum loan
from retaining existing customers, but it also causes us to lose opportunities for
portfolio per branch at 19 million Baht. In 2025, the loan portfolio per branch
expanding our customer base to new groups. The ability to satisfy customers is
reached 20.13 million Baht, with a continued upward trend each year. crucial for our progress and sustainable growth in a highly competitive market.
The Company provides training to employees to enhance service quality based on
Risk of Rising Non-Performing
the principle of "Intimate services like closed family members." Customer feedback
Loans (NPL) and complaints are used to improve operations, with a target customer satisfaction
of at least 80%. In 2025, the satisfaction rating reached 93.78%, surpassing the set
If debtors fail to make payments as In 2025, the NPL
target. The Company is committed to continuously improving service standards for
scheduled, the Company will lose its ratio was
maximum customer satisfaction.
primary revenue from interest and may 2.53
%
partially or entirely lose the principal Risks from increasing domestic interest rates
amount. This will impact profitability Less than the set target
The increase in product prices has impacted operational costs. Therefore, the
and hinder business growth.
Company focuses on managing and mitigating risks to keep business costs at an
To minimize the risk of NPL, the Company maintains regular debt collection acceptable level. This is achieved by preparing an annual budget, monitoring product
prices, and planning for price increases using bulk buying strategies to maintain
monitoring and implements the MTC Model, a key tool for enhancing
quality and control expenses. Additionally, the Company secures backup suppliers in
systematic debt management efficiency. Additionally, the Company transfers
case product prices exceed expectations. The average unit price compared to the
uncollectible debt to asset management firms specializing in distressed acceptable benchmark price has increased by no more than 4%. In 2025, the
assets, mitigating the risk associated with debt recovery. As a result, Company successfully reduced the average product price by 1.73%, which is below
in 2025, the NPL ratio stood at 2.53%, lower than the set target at 2.8%. the set target, providing a cost advantage in the Company's operations.
59 60
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Risks from Business Innovation and Technology
Strategic Risks
Currently, technology plays an increasingly significant role in operations,
Risk from competition and new entrants. especially with the application of new technologies to enhance operational
efficiency. The advancement of new technologies that provide convenience
Currently, many new microfinance service providers have emerged, leading
impacts the changing behavior of daily life. If businesses fail to adapt, it
to increased competition in the industry. This includes product development may affect operations and their ability to respond to changing customer
that best meets customer needs, accessible interest rates, and excellent behavior.
service quality, all of which impact customer satisfaction and loyalty, helping
The Company has integrated technology into its operational processes to
to retain existing customers and attract new ones. The company must adapt
streamline complex procedures and enhance work efficiency. Over the past
to the competition and regularly review its strategies and operational plans
year, internal systems have been improved through the development of a
to cope with changes and challenges in the increasingly competitive lending
Dashboard system, which presents operational performance data, enabling,
industry. monitoring, analysis, and decision-making while maintaining standardized
In addition, the Company is focused on growth by expanding into new security measures. Additionally, the Company has developed applications to
facilitate customer transactions through online channels, including issuing
customer segments through branch expansion across all areas, with the aim
electronic receipts and implementing an online accident insurance purchasing
of increasing financial inclusion while maintaining its existing customer base.
system, reducing the need for in-branch visits.
The Company ensures regular customer satisfaction monitoring to respond
to the ever-evolving needs of its clients. In 2025, the Company remained
2. Risks from Sustainability
the number one leader in the microfinance business. Moving forward, the
Company is committed to continuous development and striving to become
a global leader in the microfinance sector. Risks from Corruption and Corporate Governance
0
Good corporate governance is a system that demonstrates the ability to Cases
Risks in Product and Service Development
manage efficiently. Without transparent management, it would impact the trust of fraud were detected
Due to the increasing competition in the consumer loan industry, business of all stakeholders. Therefore, the company adheres to ethics and transparency in 2025.
adaptation is essential to stay competitive in the future. The Company has as core principles in its operations, while being mindful of potential corruption
set guidelines for developing new loan products and services, including issues. The company is committed to preventing such incidents within the
assessing related risks. Factors to consider in order to mitigate various organization and has implemented anti-corruption measures to reduce potential
risks, particularly credit risk and operational risk, include: risks, including anti-corruption policies, a no-gift policy, and a complaint handling
policy, all of which are disclosed to all stakeholders.
A suitable Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio
Setting the LTV based on market prices from the Company’s vehicle auction The Company provides channels for reporting misconduct or ethical
center to ensure that the Company’s LTV aligns with credit risk violations through its website, email at whistleblower@muangthaicap.com,
and postal mail. Additionally, the Company regularly reviews the causes of
Limiting the loan amount at a maximum of 550,000 Baht per individual to
misconduct and seeks preventive measures against fraud and corruption
reduce concentration risk, with an average loan size of approximately 20,000
through effective internal controls and risk assessments at every stage of
Baht per contract
operations.
Implementing appropriate credit selection and approval processes, including
Know-Your-Customer (KYC) and authentication of collateral and documents If an employee is found to have engaged in fraudulent activities, the
Setting up proper debt collection procedures that comply with legal Company enforces disciplinary actions in accordance with its regulations, up
requirements and standards. to the highest level of penalty. All employees undergo training to cultivate a
culture of integrity and ethics, which serves as a fundamental principle in
Appropriate Interest Rates, the interest rates for each product are set to align
building trust among customers and stakeholders. Additionally, the Company
with the credit risk of customers and are within the legal limits.
has expanded its whistleblower channels to facilitate the reporting of
Appropriate Installment Rates, with reasonably low interest rates, along with
misconduct. It is also an active member of the Private Sector Collective
appropriate loan amounts and flexible contract terms, the customer’s installment
Action Against Corruption (CAC) and encourages business partners to join
payments are adjusted to match their repayment ability. This helps ensure that
the CAC network to promote transparency and shared accountability across
the credit risk remains manageable.
all sectors. In 2025, the Company recorded 0 cases of fraud.
61 62
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Risks from cyber threats and data theft Risk of human rights violations
Currently, technology is developing rapidly, leading to cyber threats that
0 Human rights violations can occur in any operational process and may
0
cause damage and impact all sectors. These threats may come in new Cases
Cases
impact business in terms of reputation and stakeholder confidence. The
forms that are difficult to detect. As customer data storage and
related to information technology
Company has established a human rights protection policy in line with of human rights violations were
management systems are now digital, the company has established a security breaches were detected
detected in 2025.
international standards, with complaint channels, grievance mechanisms,
secure and efficient network infrastructure. This is supported by strict in 2025.
and remediation processes in place. Employees are continuously educated
policies and measures for information security, as well as regular training
for staff to keep up with technological changes. Additionally, external on human rights to reduce risks. In 2025, there were zero human rights
audits are conducted annually. In 2025, the Company did not receive any violations.
reports related to information security or personal data breaches, which
aligns with the Company's objectives.
3. Emerging Risks
Risks from regulations by external authorities
Risks from Carbon tax
As a credit provider operating under regulatory, the Company must comply
with regulations and rules set by various authorities, which may change at any Many countries have started implementing carbon taxes, and Thailand is In 2025,
time. Failure to fully comply or partial compliance could damage the another country that cannot avoid this. The Excise Department is the carbon footprint decreased by
Company’s reputation and credibility, potentially leading to fines or even the preparing to announce the implementation of carbon tax measures, which, 11.07 %
revocation of its license, which would severely impact future operations. if enforced, may increase the company's operational costs and expenses.
compared to 2024
The Company continuously reviews and monitors external legal regulations to The Company has prepared a response plan by conducting awareness
ensure business compliance. It conducts annual training and testing for campaigns on resource usage for employees at all levels through various
employees on regulatory matters, with a legal oversight department reporting to channels. Additionally, data on resource usage is collected monthly for
the board and executives twice a year. In 2025, there were no legal disputes.
monitoring and analysis, which will be used to adjust measures accordingly.
The target is to limit the carbon footprint increase to not more than 10%
compared to the previous year. As a result, it decreased by 11.07% in 2025
Risks from vendors
To encourage sustainable business practices among its suppliers, the
Risks from failing to achieve the organization's
Company conducts annual risk assessments of its suppliers at least once
a year. The assessment focuses on critical-tier suppliers (Critical Tier 1) greenhouse gas emission targets
and covers economic, social, and environmental aspects, such as:
Greenhouse gas emission targets are a global agenda that all sectors, including
Economic: Number of suppliers in the market, product quality,
investors, prioritize. Investors can choose to invest in businesses that are
delivery speed.
responsible and committed to addressing climate change. Organizations that fail
Social: Human rights, labor compensation and benefits, safety to meet their established greenhouse gas emission targets may lose investor
and occupational health. confidence. Therefore, it is crucial for companies to closely monitor their
operations. In 2025, the Company is committed to reducing greenhouse gases
Environmental: Waste management, reduction of GHG emissions.
by setting clear targets and a systematic action plan as follows:
Additionally, the Company conducts site visits to observe its suppliers’
Enhancing climate change operations in line with the TCFD (Task Force
operations. In 2025, the Company assessed the risks of its critical-tier
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure) standards, setting goals and
suppliers (Critical Tier 1) and found no risks arising from its suppliers
strategies for reducing carbon footprints in the short, medium, and long
term.
Risks from natural disasters
Continue the solar power project by setting a long-term goal for
The increasing frequency of storm and flood disasters poses a risk of
solar panel installment covering all branches nationwide.
damage to the Company's assets, particularly branch signage and
promotional signs, resulting in repair or replacement costs, and potentially Continue the project of electricity usage limits for office buildings to raise
impacting the Company's image and operational continuity. In 2025, the awareness and reduce electricity consumption at branch offices.
Company communicated to all branches to remain vigilant and regularly
inspect the structural integrity of signages, especially during the rainy and
storm seasons, while also reviewing its risk management guidelines.
63 64
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 2 Risk Management Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Risks from the ability of debenture debt repayment
Securities Holder
The Company has continuously issued debentures to use as working capital for
business operation to support the expansion of the Company’s business and to
Investment Risk
be used for repayment of debentures or bills of exchange. It is also used as
working capital of the Company. The inability to repay debts on time would
No history of bond defaults,
inevitably damage the Company's image and investor confidence.
maintaining to a credit rating
1. Risk of Shareholders
The Company has established a regular monitoring and assessment A-
(tha)
process to evaluate its ability to repay bonds, ensuring no default events
The risk from relying on the group of original shareholders and having a
occur. It also considers setting appropriate interest rates for new bond
in 2025 with a stable credit
controlling shareholder holding more than 50% of the registered capital
issues. Over the past three years, the Company has no history of bond
rating outlook from Fitch Ratings.
of the Company, with the controlling shareholder being the Patcharachai defaults. As a result, it has maintained a long-term domestic credit rating
family, holding 1,435,038,600 shares or 67.691 percent of the paid-up of 'A-(tha)' with a stable outlook from Fitch Ratings.
capital of the Company as of 31st December 2025). This significantly
Price Risk
effects on crucial matter consideration and resolution of the shareholders’
meeting.
The market price of the debentures is subject to change depending on
several factors, for example, the interest rate level in the financial market,
However, the Company has appointed 4 independent directors out of a total
policy of the Bank of Thailand, overall economy, inflation rate, age of
of 7, with the Chairman of the Board being an independent director, and all
debentures, or excessive demand or lack of bonds.
members of the Audit Committee being independent directors, totaling 3, to
Thus, the shareholders may be affected by the fluctuation of the bond
consider ensuring that transactions comply with laws and regulations of the
price. In the event of trading of instruments before maturity, longer
Securities and Exchange Commission of Thailand and the Stock Exchange
maturity bonds will be more affected by such fluctuation.
of Thailand. This is to ensure that such transactions are reasonable and
maximally beneficial to the Company, as well as to ensure transparency and Liquidity Risk
auditability in the management of the Company.
The bond holders may not be able to sell the debentures immediately prior
to their maturity at their own preferred price since there may not be a lot of
trading on the bond market in the secondary market. The debenture issuer
2. General Risks of Bonds
will not list the debentures on The Bond Electronic Exchange (BEX) or any
secondary market. However, the debenture holders may trade debentures at
Credit Risk
a commercial bank, securities companies, or any other juristic person being
licensed for trading securities as bonds if someone offers to buy or sell
Bondholders face the risk of not receiving interest or principal payments
debentures through the aforementioned licensees.
if the business performance or the issuer's assets are insufficient to
meet debt obligations. Therefore, before making an investment decision, Besides, the shareholders cannot sell or transfer the debentures to any
person in general. Selling or transferring the debentures is restricted only
investors should study the details from the information prospectus and
in the institutional investors and major investors only. This is because the
draft offering memorandum, as well as consider the financial status and
debenture issuer has registered the transfer restrictions with the SEC to
debt repayment ability of the bond issuer, as reflected in the credit rating
restrict the transfer of debentures to the group of institutional investors
provided by a credit rating agency.
and major investors according to the Notification of SEC No.
Kor.Jor.5/2009 on the definitions specified in the Notification of all types of
The credit rating does not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell, or
bonds dated 13th March 2009 (as amended or replaced) and in
hold the offered bonds. The credit rating may be revoked or changed
accordance with the Notification of the SEC No. Kor.Jor. 4/2017 on the
throughout the bond's term. Investors can follow updates and news on
definitions of institutional investors, extra major investors, and major
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website, the credit
investors dated 8th February 2017, unless it is an inheritance transfer.
rating agency's website, or the Thai Bond Market Association.
65 66
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 1
Business Operation and
Operational Performance
Driving Business for Sustainability
3.1 69
Policies and Goals in Sustainability Management
3.2 Management of Impacts on Stakeholders in the 71
Business Value Chain
3.3 Sustainability Management in Environmental 75
Dimension
3.4 80
Sustainability Management in Social Dimension
67 68
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
3.1 Policies and Goals in Sustainability Management Goals
Sustainability Management Environmental Dimension
The Company has set a goal to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030 and to reach net-zero greenhouse gas
emissions by 2050, with the aim of minimizing negative impacts on the ecosystem as much as possible.
Social Dimension
For over 33 years, the Company has grown alongside Thai society through microfinance services, aiming to expand
financial opportunities equitably and create a positive impact on the economy, society, and the environment. The
All stakeholders are essential in driving the business forward. Therefore, the Company focuses on
Company operates with a strong commitment in alignment with Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United
comprehensively addressing stakeholders’ expectations, including conducting business responsibly,
Nations. This includes creating long-term value for stakeholders and elevating the organization to international
promoting a good quality of life, developing communities and society, and respecting human rights to
standards, as reflected in its comprehensive sustainability policies and practices across all dimensions, as follows:
generate positive impacts on the country.
Economic Dimension
Sustainability Policies and Practices
The Company is aware of and places great importance on good corporate governance, demonstrating
effective, transparent and accountable management. This is reflected in the establishment of a corporate
1 Raise awareness of organizational development 6 Encourage the management of human
governance policy that serves as a guideline for practices aligned with the organization’s goals, legal
for sustainability in all sectors to apply in work resources, which is the main force in driving
principles and the fair treatment of all stakeholders.
processes, and also drive business according efficient operations in line with the current social
* Compared to the base year 2022
to the policy framework that concerns impacts changes. To create value for the business in
on all dimensions. terms of keeping, retaining, and improving the Goals Indicators Results SDGs
personnel, as well as promoting safety and
Identified with implementation goal 100 percent 100 percent
2 Operate business with good governance, as occupational health at the workplace.
well as good corporate governance of the c Transparent disclosure of operational 100 percent 100 percent
im
Board of Directors, to establish a code of 7 Encourage non-profit social activities, instill o Incidents of information security breaches 0 cases 0 cases
n
conduct for employees, executives, and the awareness, and create responsibility in business o
c
Board of Directors that is strictly upheld. operations that are beneficial to the surrounding E The number of application user accounts Increase 25 percent 26.71 percent Increased
society and contribute to a happy society.
Key partners were assessed for risk 100 percent 100 percent
3 Establish a risk management system to
identify and address risks to the organization Operate the business by using resources for Customer satisfaction score More than 80 percent 93.78 percent
8
across all dimensions, Develop plans for maximum efficiency,reducing negative impacts
Work-related lost-time accidents (LTA) 0 cases 51 times
prevention, control, and readiness to manage on the environment at the organizational, regional,
each risk promptly and effectively. and global levels, supporting operations to Outstanding loan balance Increase 10% 11.56% increased
reduce emissions that affect global warming, and
Incident of human rights violations 0 cases 0 cases
Promote cooperation between the Company setting goals to become a Net Zero organization,
4
and all groups of stakeholders to create as well as pushing for the importance of la No complaints regarding non-compliance with None None
ic
understanding and effectively meet the environmental preservation among employees, o Market Conduct
S
expectations of stakeholders, reduce negative customers, vendors, and other stakeholders of Employee satisfaction score More than 80 percent 87.03 percent
impact, and create valuable positive impacts the Company.
Beneficiaries from the projects Not less than 50K 31,837 beneficiaries
throughout the value chain.
Develop ESG performance at a global Total followers across all channels at least 400K 607.6K beneficiaries
9
5 Against corruption in all its forms, set a level for investment support and global Average employee training hours: at least 14.78 hours/person/year
strategy for protection, operation, remedial competition, including the disclosure of 6 hours/person/year
measures, and guidelines for the prevention of standard sustainability information accepted
la Reduction in carbon dioxide equivalent emissions Decrease 10 percent 12.30 percent increased*
recurrence effectively and concretely, as well as by various institutions of listed companies. t
n
e
the disclosure of information with transparency m Reduction in carbon intensity per loan volume Decrease 20 percent 26.22 percent decreased*
n
and verifiability to build confidence and prevent o
damage to the Company.
r iv The number of branches that impact 0 branches 0 branches
n
E the ecosystem
69 70
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Stakeholder Management
3.2 Management of Impacts
on Stakeholders in the
Stakeholder management enables the Company to understand stakeholders’
expectations and needs which helps it determine issues related to business
Business Value Chain
operations, which is considered one way to drive sustainable development, as
well as knowing the impact that the Company has on stakeholders.
Stakeholder management guidelines are as follows:
Customers
Employees
Shareholders/
Investors/ 1. Stakeholder Identification
Creditors
S C I h o n C a m v r r e e e p V h d s e e o t i t t l o n d i o t r e d o r s r s r o s / s r / s Pr o m h c o n t a i o rB n L o w-I n s n i o a n p x o E t f eres e d r C i t t Fi 0 n M a tf o r o li P o a n 5 c n i a 0 n g g F e u 4 P m S n o o d l e ic u i n n y r V D t g c e a e M o b l s f u t T e C C 0 h ’ 1 s ain 0 C C 3 P C r r u o o e s o n M c t d n e o a a i s m s t s n s e i A r d a s p g e e 0 p e t r r m o c v c e a n o l 2 r t e n d d i i t t s io n based A p pli c R ati S o e e D n rv ic e g e v u el o l p a m E e x t c n e t lle o n t rs Competitors Customers T c v I f n o a a h f l r n l l e o u io w e 1 2 3 4 C u c n . . . . s s r ) ) ) ) o c e : m e a C S D V . t p p e e h i u a r T a n a e s r n h d a r t t c e i o y e n o c t h o m i r w p o C s r i e s m a l i o d l r t l s p / m o e c a r r E p y s o c x a n t e / n s c w o y I id n u r a v e t d y i e b r v s i v s e e , i i t n s d o d a e r s / i f s u v f / E e i c d i m C c h m u t r p e a p e d l l d a o o s s i , r y t t b e o a g y e r n r d s o s t e t u h p s p 7 5 6 e t e s . . . a ) ) ) n k o d o e r R C C e f g h e n o o a p o g c m m n l e d y u i o z p m , e l a a p e r u t t s l t e o i r n i o e t , r i o i n t s s n y o r ' p t s s r o o & n a o 7 s g S p i e o b e g n c r il r a c i i o t e t i y e u i t o , y s p n s s t a h n a a i d n s t
C & o m So m c u ie n t i y ty E E m x p p a lo n y s e i B o e r n a s nch R P e r s o t g ru r a D a c m t n e u b d r t in T g C ra o c ll k e D i c n P e t r g b i o o t g n C ra li m nic De E v th e i l P c o a o p l l m ic e y nt P D er a s t o a na P l rot P e o ct li i c on y Employees 2. S T i s n t h t f a a l e u k k e e C e n h o h c o m o e ld l p d e a a r e n s n r d y t P h p i r a n i r t o t i e o r t r r i h e i t t e i s i z z t a e C s t i o n i o m s n t t p h a a e ke n h y C o o a l m d tt e a p r c a s h n u e y s s 's i n th g o e p g e i u m r i a d p t e i o o li r n n t s a e . n s c T f e h o e r t o c m o a n a r s e in i d c e g u r r s i o n t u o g p m t s h e e r o s ir f ,
shareholders/investors/creditors and directors/executives/employees.
Regulators Customers
Employees
3. Planning and Implementation
The Company's business operations focus on providing credit services to customers with efficiency. Therefore, the stakeholders The Company has established guidelines for creating participation with
have been determined based on the value chain, which consists of 5 main processes:
stakeholders, including guidelines for sustainability operations to appropriately
meet expectations that are different for each stakeholder group as shown in
1. Management of funding sources:The Company has a
4. Debt tracking and collection: development of
process for sourcing low-interest funding from multiple the table below:
industry ethics, including training on procedures for
financial institutions to adequately support business growth.
tracking and collecting debts correctly as required by
laws to provide customers with financial liquidity and
2. Credit approval process: Consideration of loan providing
reduce bad debt problems that arise.
is assessed through property-based credit assessment
methods instead of using customer income or credit
5. Expansion of credit portfolio: There is a process to
bureau data to increase an opportunity of accessing credit
maintain the existing customer base and increase the
sources.
new customer base by opening more branches to
cover all areas of the country, including upgrading the
3. Customer management: developing customer experience
branch status to support and service customers
by providing excellent service, application development to
efficiently.
increase operational efficiency, including the personal
information protection policy according to relevant
regulations.
71 72
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Expectation/ Approaches
Stakeholders Engagement Frequency
Demands and Goals Prioritizing
1. MTC Call Center 1455 • Fast credit approval process • Consider ESG throughout
1. Customers Everyday
2. Walk-in to customers service • Approved credit limit is • the loan approval process
• Expand branches to increase Sustainability Issues
branches appropriate
access to services
3. Social Media • There are convenient and fast
• Create a positive customer
4. Application Muangthai 4.0 payment methods
experience through excellent,
5. Customer Satisfaction Survey Every month • Reduce interest rate and fees
inclusive and equitable
6. Marketing Activities • Customer privacy protection service
Importance Assessment Diagram
7. Complaint Channels • Respect personal rights and
data
8. Website Indefinite
• Handle complaints effectively
9. Email
2. Shareholders/ 1. AGM Once a year • Consistently good performance • Review and adjust strategies high
Investor/ 2. Opportunity Day Every quarter • Good corporate Governance to suit the situation 1 3
creditors • To be a stable, transparent and • Comply with the good
3. Communication through the sustainable organization corporate governance policy
Indefinite 7
Stock Exchange • Manage risks in a concrete 16 15
y
4
5
.
.
I
C
n
o
v
n
es
ta
to
c
r
t I
R
n
e
v
l
e
a
s
ti
t
o
o
n
r
s
R
W
ela
e
t
b
io
s
n
it
s
e and efficient manner t il
a
4 6
6. Complaint Channels ir e 2 12
t a 9
3. Employees/ 1. Monthly Executive Meetings Every month • Good working environment • Keep the workplace clean M 5
Executives/ the 2. Notification / Order • Appropriate compensation and and tidy t 14
Board of 3. MTC University benefits • Build a strong company c a 11, 13
p
Directors • Good relationship between culture m 17 8
4. Board of Directors Meeting Every quarter colleagues and supervisors • Adhere to human rights I 10
• Have balance between work principles
5. Training and Seminar Every year
and personal life • Human resource
Organization
development within the
6. Employee’s satisfaction survey organization
7. Complaint Channels Indefinite low
4. Vendors 1. Site Visit Once a year • Collaborate in various • Supply chain management
2. Vendor Risk Assessment operations for maximum taking into account the low high
3. Procurement Policy benefits impact on ESG Impact Materiality
• Standard evaluation and • Manage procurement in a
4. Website Indefinite selection criteria fair and transparent manner
5. Email • Establish fair payment terms • Determine the fair payment
Sustainability Issues
6. Complaint Channels for partners period for partners
5. competitors 1. Meeting of the Vehicle Indefinite • Fair competition • Cooperation with the car
Registration Loan Association • Industrial upgrading together registration lenders trade 1 Good Corporate Governance and Code of Conduct 11 Employee Capacity Development
2. Meeting of personal Loan Club • Cooperate with associations to jointly
2 Innovation Development and Digital Transformation 12 Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
3. Meetings for Discussion and associations/trade clubs of car upgrade the industry la
ic
Exchange of Opinions on Various registration/complying with the 3 Risk Management o S 13 Occupational Health and Safety
Topics regulations of regulatory body c
im
o 4 Personal Information Protection and IT Security 14 Community and Social Development
6. Community Social Operation Once a year • Take responsibility for • Foster engagement between n o
c
E
and Society community health and safety the company and the 5 Value Chain Management 15 Climate Change
tn
• Consider the impact on community through social e m
society and the environment projects 6 Promoting Access to Financial Services n o 16 Efficient Resource Utilization
• Strictly comply with the law • Conduct business with
riv
n
7 Responsible Lending E 17 Biodiversity
concern for society and the
environment 8 Financial Literacy Education
7
( C B
.
o O
R
n T s
e
u /
g
O m
u
f
l
f e
a
ic r
t
e
o r
o
s
f the
1
2
.
.
M
Co
e
o
e
r
t
d
in
in
g
a
/
t io
F
n
e e
w
d
i
b
th
a c
D
k
e
S
p
e
a
s
rt
s
m
io
e
n
nts
Indefinite • S
w ex
u
it c
p
h e
p
e a
o
d p
r t
p t r h
p
o e
o
p
li
r l
c
i i m a
ie
t i e
s
t) r
a
u
n
le
d
s
c
(
o
o
m
r
ply • C
r u e p
o
g g
o
u r
p
l a a
e
d t
r
o e
a
r
t
y t
io
h b
n
e o
w
i d n y
i
d
t h
u t o st ry
la
ic o S 9 Human Rights
3. Site Visit • Management with honesty 10 Employee Well-being
Protection
4. Email • Improve operational
Board/Public Debt
processes to be in line with
Management Policy
policies and regulations
and Supervision)
73 74
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
3.3 Sustainability Management
Consequences of Climate
in Environmental Dimension
Change
Environmental
The Company has applied the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for
analyzing financial impacts and disclosing information in line with
Policy and Practices standard of TCFD (Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures). Additionally, Sustainability working group is responsible for
inspecting and setting a sustainability plan related to the Company’s
direction and its policies. Hence, Greenhouse gas emissions are
The Company has operated its business with responsibility, striving to
categorized into three scopes as follows:
reduce the environmental impacts of all processes with usage of
technology, laws and international standards promoting sustainability with
the following environmental policy and practices: Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
1. Raise awareness of climate change and its negative impact, as well Direct GHG Indirect GHG Other Indirect GHG
as emphasizing the importance of efficient utilization of resources. Emissions Emissions Emission
consumption of consumption of consumption of water
2. Collect data of resource usage of branches. Create data of
fuel, methane and electricity and paper
resource usage comparison. Also, cultivate and promote awareness of
natural gas
environmental conservation to maximize resource utilization.
3. Recognize the impact on biological diversity and protecting
Climate-Related Scenario Analysis
ecosystems from selection processes of branch locations that may
pose risks to habitats or affect endangered species.
Financial Impact (Million Baht)
4. Promote the adoption of standardized and contemporary Category Risks Scenario Assumption
2030 2040 2050
products and innovations in organizational operations, such as
utilizing renewable energy from solar panels, implementing paperless Physical Risks Flood Achieving Net Zero Carbon % Change in rain average 3,587 3,628 3,669
(Acute Nature Disaster) Emissions by 2050 (SSP1- largest 5-day cumulative precipitation
initiatives and advocating for certified green products.
2.6) = % NPL impact due to disaster
5. Strictly comply with environmental laws and strive to practice Doubling Carbon Dioxide % Change in rain average 3,658 3,726 3,793
Emissions by 2050 (SSP5- largest 5-day cumulative precipitation
exceeding legal requirements, promoting the use of renewable
8.5) = % NPL impact due to disaster
energy and improving guidelines that exceed the minimum standard
Transition Risks Carbon Tax Stated Policies Scenario Thai's implementation of taxing - 198.7 445.1
required by law.
(Legal and Policy) (STEPS) carbon emission will be done in
the next 17 years (by 2040) for
6. Promote environmental sustainability in the value chain by
all sectors in line with Singapore's
selecting vendors, based on their environmental management carbon tax structure
capabilities, environmental responsibility relating to the Company's
Net-Zero Emission Scenario Thai's implementation of taxing 78.9 238.5 498.5
environmental policy. (NZE) carbon emission will be done in
the next 7 years (by 2030) for all
sectors in line with Singapore's
7. Monitor climate change by studying environmental practices to
carbon tax structure
reduce carbon footprint of the Company in line with international
standards.
75 76
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Efficient Water Consumption
Environmental Management Goals Although the Company’s operations do Water Saved
not directly involve water consumption,
31.15
it recognizes the value of water and ML
the importance of conserving water
The Company has established a clear target to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, with the goal of achieving
resources. Therefore, it has established
carbon neutrality by 2030 and net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. In 2025, the Company’s greenhouse
the following measures for efficient
gas emissions from operations totaled 34,045.16 tCO2e, representing 11.12%, which remained within the water consumption.
established target range.
1. Set a water consumption ceiling for branches to control the
amount and costs of water consumption. This also encourages
2050 Target 2030 Target
2025 Target employees to be mindful of the importance of water conservation.
Net Zero Emissions Carbon Neutrality
2. Provide education and promote water consumption awareness,
Reduce GHG emissions by Reduce GHG emissions by Reduce GHG emissions by including disseminating knowledge and monitoring environmental
100 42 10
performance through the Company’s monthly newsletter.
% at least % at least %
3. Appropriate sanitary fixtures; Installing only water closets would
from the 2022 baseline from the 2022 baseline from the 2024
have resulted in increased water consumption per use. Therefore, the
Company has also installed urinals to reduce water consumption and
maximize efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Environmental Management Processes
Environmental
Performance Results
1. Renewable Energy
The Company has demonstrated a systematic commitment to driving Electricity Generated from Renewable Energy In 2025, the Company complied with the GHG emission from Carbon
renewable energy adoption. In 2025, it established a phased Solar Rooftop
28,138 Footprint Organization (CFO). Currently, the Company is in the process of
installation plan for its branch offices, targeting 20 branches in 2026, 40 kWh
requesting for a certification from Thailand Greenhouse Gas Management
branches in 2027, and 80 branches in 2028 with a long-term goal of
Reduction in GHG Emission Organization (Public Organization) or TGO, as well as regular reporting on
achieving full coverage across all branches nationwide. The initiative is
13.37 GHG emission covering 3 scopes and providing a result report according to
projected to reduce both energy costs and air pollutant emissions by up tonCO 2 e the frameworks of GRI standard and CDP.
to 60 percent of total electricity consumption. This reflects the concrete
integration of energy management into the Company's corporate strategy,
Electricity Management
driving operational efficiency, lowering long-term energy costs, and
advancing sustainable business growth. Electricity Consumption in 2025
The increase of branches results in an increase in electricity consumption and
46,214 operating costs, which also results in more pollution. To reduce such
MWh
environmental impacts, the Company has established a measure on controlling
Electricity consumption intensity
electricity consumption, setting a ceiling for reimbursing electricity costs for
2. Resource Utilization Measures decreasedby24.55% (YoY)
branches and having a regular maintenance of air conditioners.
Efficient Electricity Consumption Electricity Saved Fuel Management
5,956 Fuel Consumption in 2025
In 2025, the Company continued to implement electricity consumption Currently, operations of the Company still unavoidably rely on fuel energy,
MWh
management measures by establishing energy usage guidelines for 4,347 coupled with a customer base that expands annually. The increasing number of
MLiters
branches to operate within appropriate consumption parameters, credits leads to a continuous rise in fuel consumption. Nevertheless, the
promoting the responsible and efficient use of resources. As a result of Fuel consumption intensity Company has implemented a measure of fuel consumption management by set
decreased by 11.48% (YoY)
these measures, the Company achieved a reduction in electricity a ceiling for reimbursing fuel costs based on the appropriateness of operations
consumption of 5,956 MWh, representing 11.42 percent, reflecting the and promoting the policy of using electric vehicles (EVs) in the operations
tangible effectiveness of energy management at the organizational level. process.
77 78
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
3.4 Sustainability Management
Water Management
Water Consumption in 2025
in Social Dimension
885.6 Currently, issues such as floods and droughts in certain areas affect economic
MLiters
development and the quality of life in society. The Company recognizes the
Water Consumption Intensity importance of water conservation and promotes awareness through campaigns
Decreased13.40% (YoY) encouraging employees to use water responsibly. Regular inspections of sanitary The Company is committed to conducting its business responsibly with social and all stakeholders. It places great importance on
systems are conducted, and any detected issues are promptly repaired. its personnel by promoting continuous skill development. The Company also adheres to human rights and equality principles
Paper Consumptionin2025 within the organization. In addition, the Company enhances the quality of life in society and local communities by promoting
Paper Management financial literacy and expanding access to financial services with qualified products and efficient services.
856.9
Mg
the Company has implemented measures to minimize the environmental impact. The
Social Policies and Practices
Paper Consumption Intensity Company encourages employees to utilize both sides of the paper, having designated
Decreased10.98% (YoY) collection points for single-sided paper for reuse and developing an E-Receipt system.
Personnel of the Company
Wastewater Management
The Company is committed to effective human resource management that aligns with social changes and enhances competitive
Wastewater generated from operations primarily originates from restrooms,
including toilets and washbasins by manages wastewater through a Combined advantage and supports sustainable growth at an international level. The Company focuses on five key areas, as follows:
Biological Treatment System, which is more efficient than conventional activated
Module 1: Employment
sludge systems. A portion of the treated wastewater is reserved for non-potable
uses, such as watering plants and firefighting purposes. The Company has an effective recruitment and selection process that takes into account abilities, honesty, and work attitudes. It
emphasizes equality, without discrimination based on gender, color, religion, or any other sort of bias, as part of the Company's
Waste Management
human rights values.
Waste is categorized by bin color into general waste, recyclable waste,
Module 2: Employee Compensation and Welfares
infectious waste, hazardous waste, and electronic waste which can be sold and
100% recycled. The Company aims to minimize the amount of general waste The Company has a fair and competitive compensation policy in the market. The Company also provides employee benefits and
sent to landfills. Currently, it is studying and monitoring proper waste disposal welfare as required by law and financial support. Additionally, the Company communicates information through its various
and fostering environmental awareness within the Company. channels so that its personnel will be addressed about benefits as well as obtaining various benefits effectively.
Considering the Impact on Biodiversity Module 3: Employee Potential Development
The Company has established a training plan that focuses on the development of employees, aiming to enhance both their work
Since the Company and its branch offices are not located in areas at risk of
efficiently. Training and seminars are organized continuously every year, providing knowledge through speakers with expertise
impacting biodiversity, environmental policies and practices have been established
for branch site selection. This involves choosing locations that minimize negative and experience both within and outside the Company.
impacts on ecosystems, including habitats of endangered species. Additionally, the 1. The training to enhance work efficiency: training for new employees and leadership training for supervisors and managers
Company promotes activities that support biodiversity and protect ecosystems.
2. Training to raise awareness in other areas: Courses based on standards and business sustainability
Greenhouse Gas Emissions in 2025 Module 4 : Occupational Health and Safety at Work
the Company has established a policy on occupational health, safety, and working environment in line with the international standard
Fuel Type Greenhouse Gas
Consumption
(Scope of Operations) Emissions (KgCOe) ISO45001. This policy aims to raise awareness and understanding among all employees, encouraging their cooperation in adhering
2
to safety measures and operational activities. Therefore, the Company aims to reduce accidents from operations to zero.
Gasoline Usage (liters) 2,677,661.23 5,382,857.17
Diesel Usage (liters) 1,670,672.94 4,260,808.13 Summary of Number of Accidents in 2025 Module 5: Fair Employee/Labor Practices
Electricity Consumption (kWh) 46,214,494.97 21,951,885.11
The Company has established a policy and practices toward
Cases
CH4 Emissions from Septic Tanks (kg) 50,709.58 1,419,868.13 employees equally without exception and with fairness to
Topics
LPG Gas (kg) 0 0 2024 2023 2022 employees at all levels both in terms of compensation
employee transfer, training, occupational health, safety and
Paper Usage (kg) 856,898.95 572,151.43
Work-related injuries 74 58 8
career growth, including labor protection and establishing
Water Consumption (Mliters) 885.6 457,591.74
Lost time accidents 51 30 5 Welfare Committee in the workplace which is responsible for
Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions (KgCOe) 34,045,161.70
2 managing the operation plan labor relations activities and
Fatal accidents 0 1 0
Remark 1. Diesel usage includes vehicles, motorcycles, generators, and fire pumps. coordinating with relevant agencies.
2.Greenhouse Gas Emissions data in 2025 was reviewed by LRQA, an independent audit company.
79 80
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Community and Society
Social Operations
The Company places importance on social responsibility and supporting community
activities in order to enhance the quality of life and strengthen the local economy.
The Company has established policies to promote social initiatives that are non-
Emphasizing customer importance
profit in nature, aiming to cultivate awareness and foster responsible business
by conducting business responsibly.
practices that contribute positively to communities. In 2025, the Company
implemented various social initiatives through the following activities:
1. Providing loans with social and environmental responsibility
1. Promoting Access to Finance Inclusion
The Company adheres to the responsible lending principles of the Bank of Thailand to
The Company is committed to providing microfinance services to grassroots
enhance service standards and reduce household debt issues. This includes the entire
populations who cannot access credit sources, with fair and reasonable costs. The
process from sales, assessing the ability to repay debt, to debt collection, as well as
Company collaborates with financial institutions both domestically and
providing assistance to customers
internationally to strengthen economic stability and improve the quality of life for
low-income individuals in Thai society. The Company prioritizes environmental and social impacts by inquiring about the purpose of
fund usage to assess the risks of investments or loans that may have negative
2. Responsible Lending and Financial Literacy
consequences. It also provides financial support based on principles of good governance.
The Company operates under the principles of good governance, supporting Additionally, the Company adheres to fair market conduct principles by providing complete
solutions for household debt issues in accordance with the guidelines of the Bank and accurate information to avoid placing an undue financial burden on customers,
of Thailand. It offers products that suit the needs and repayment capabilities of especially vulnerable groups. Furthermore, the Company has trained employees to offer
customers, providing complete information and financial knowledge to promote correct, comprehensive, and appropriate advice regarding products with associated risks
good debt management.
2. Customer Satisfaction Survey
3. Customer Relation Management
Customer satisfaction surveys are an important aspect of the Company's service
Creating a positive experience for customers through attentive service and respect improvement. Data is collected via a variety of channels, including SMS, QR code surveys
for their rights. The Company evaluates and monitors customer satisfaction to
attached to receipts, the Muangthai Capital 4.0 application, its website and chatbots. Such
improve services and develop products that meet customer needs, enhancing
assessment results are monthly summarized.
competitive capabilities. Additionally, the company has a policy for handling
complaints, tracking progress, and analyzing recurring issues to offer preventive Customer Satisfaction Assessment Results of 2025
measures and systematically resolve problems.
Buildings and Locations 94.32%
4. Respecting for Human Rights Average
Products 92.02% of the survey results
The Company operates based on humanitarian principles and promotes them as
Service 94.07% 93.78
part of the organizational culture by communicating policies to employees and %
overseeing operations to ensure there are no human rights violations. The company Service Efficiency 94.44%
conducts risk assessments (HRDD) and implements preventive, remedial, and
The achievement goal of 80%
corrective measures for any impacts. It also provides complaint channels and
The customer satisfaction assessment results for 2025 represent 93.78%, which is higher
grievance mechanisms, while monitoring and reporting on the progress in line with
than the set target of 80.00%. Based on this survey, the Company has used the data to
international standards to ensure that business operations are conducted
develop a variety of areas, including setting employee training courses to ensure effective
responsibly and with respect for human rights
loan servicing, developing products based on consumer feedbacks, and streamlining service
5. Personnel’s Quality of Life and Their Potential Development
operations to improve convenience and efficiency.
The Company focuses on managing human resources to ensure expertise and
3. Complaint Management
encourages motivation to work, enabling employees to perform efficiently. This is
achieved by providing various welfare and benefits, including opportunities for
The Company has established a standardized complaint handling process to ensure that the
career growth and training to develop both job-related skills and those that can be
department receiving the complaint can operate independently, fairly, and efficiently.
applied in everyday life.
The Company promotes various complaint channels along with mechanisms for protection
6. Community and Social Development
and remedy in case of errors. It also emphasizes preventing recurring issues by monitoring,
The Company strives to create business value alongside community development by analyzing causes, and proposing corrective actions, with monthly progress reports.
promoting the quality of life in communities and fostering public awareness. It also Additionally, the Company has developed and improved the complaint handling process to
encourages employees to participate in social activities. enhance knowledge and application in work practices.
81 82
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 3 Driving Business for Sustainability Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Community and Society Development
Safety and Occupational Health
The Company is committed to sustainable business practices, focusing on social responsibility and community development to
The Company focuses its employees' safety and well-being by providing
improve quality of life and strengthen society. It encourages employee involvement in selecting areas, conducting surveys, and
occupational health, fire drills, and evacuation protocols, as well as work safety
gathering feedback, while monitoring and optimizing project outcomes. The Company’s social initiatives include education,
training for all employees, which lasts an average of two hours. It also provides
healthcare, and job promotion to create opportunities, equality, and sustainable community development.
safe driving training, emphasizing the usage of helmets, seat belts, and respect to
traffic rules. Additionally, the Company creates fire prevention guidelines and CPR
New Home for Chance
demonstration video that are accessible via its intranet system (MTCU) to improve
emergency response skills.
The Company supports access to education for young children, particularly those aged 2 to 6
years, a critical period for development. As a response, since 2012, it has launched the Furthermore, the Company is concerned about its employees' health and well-being,
project “New Home for Chance” to build children development centers as a second home for and it provides information about ergonomics and health care through its
them, thereby preparing them for study and alleviating the load on parents. The Company newsletter. It conducts sporting tournaments for employees across the country,
delivered a total of 32 centers, covering 28 provinces of Thailand, with taking care for over 700 provides fitness facilities for headquarters employees, and organizes annual travel
preschool children. In 2025, the children development centers were delivered additionally of 2 events to promote health and strengthen internal relationships.
centers. In addition, the Company has begun installing solar panels to reduce energy costs.
Blood For Chance
Operating Performance in the Society
The Company is raising awareness about the blood shortage crisis and developing corporate
culture through the slogan “Blood For Chance.” with participation of 9,336 employees
Results
around the country, increasing over 1,250 participants compared to the previous year, Operating Performance Goal
2024 2023 2023
benefiting nearly 28,008 patients in need. The Company believes that blood donation is a
MTC personnel
way to offer the gift of life, and it is committed to running this project annually in order to
build a sustainable society and improve Thailand's healthcare system. Number of employees (persons) 16,566 16,637 15,929 14,873
Number of new employees (persons) - 1,533 2,221 3,437
MTC – Unite for the Communities
New Hire Rate (percent) 20.00 9.62 14.93 26.43
The Company continues to increase access to the healthcare system by providing modified Number of retired employees (persons) - 825 1,165 1,569
motorcycles to Sub-district Health Promotion Hospitals (SHPH) for medicine delivery and Attrition Rate (percent) 16.00 5.18 7.83 12.06
home care for patients. Following the success of the 2022 donation of the 20 motorcycles to Employee satisfaction (percent) 80.00 87.03 85.29 84.68
SHPH in Sukhothai province, it expanded the effort in 2025 by donating an additional 20 Number of training hours 6 14.78 11.77 11.06
motorcycles to SHPHs in Suphanburi and Pattani provinces, totaling 2.5 million Baht. This Human rights
project is expected to assist healthcare workers in performing proactive patient checkups for
Cases of human right violations (beneficiaries) 0 0 0 0
approximately 3,600 people per month.
Number of discrimination incidents (cases) 0 0 0 0
Youth Training Program for Sustainability in Financial Business Labor dispute 0 0 0 0
Society and community
The Company promoted human capital development and sustainability awareness by delivering
Number of community contribution (million Baht) 8.10 5.03 7.62 5.55
an ESG training program for 34 Commerce and Accountancy students from Chulalongkorn
Number of social activities (projects) 3 7 6 5
University. The session highlighted the financial sector's role in balancing economic growth with
Number of employees participating in social activities (persons) 9,300 9,368 8,086 7,226
social and environmental responsibility, equipping participants with the knowledge and
MTC customers
perspective needed to become future-ready, sustainability-driven finance professionals.
Number of new branches opened in 2021 (branches) 600 502 641 600
Promoting Employment Opportunities for People with Disabilities Number of application user accounts 780.0 K 998.5 K 788.0 K 587.3K
Number of data leak incidents (times) 0 0 0 0
The Company is dedicated to fostering workplace equality, recognizing that persons with
Customer satisfaction (percent) 80.00 93.78 82.35 80.59
disabilities possess potential and are able to work efficiently. As a result, it created the
Occupational health and safety
"Promoting Employment Opportunities for People with Disabilities" project in 2023. Currently,
Number of accidents in working hours 0 74 74 58
the Company employs 5 individuals with disabilities in positions such as call center agents
Number of lost time accidents 0 51 49 30
and housekeepers at its Sukhothai branch office, with ambitions to increase possibilities in
other roles to further incorporate people with disabilities in moving the organization forward. Number of fatal accidents 0 0 0 1
83 84
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 4 Management Analysis and Explanation Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 1
Business Operation
and Operational
Performance
Management Analysis and
Explanation
4.1 87
Management Discussion and Analysis on
Operational Performance
4.2 89
Important Financial Information
4.3 96
Financial Ratio
85 86
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 4 Management Analysis and Explanation Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
The Company recorded a total revenue of 30,739 million Baht, representing a 10.17%
growth. The primary revenue sources included interest income and fees derived from
4.1
Management Discussion and
lending services, the growth of which was driven by ongoing expansion of the loan
portfolio and a steadily increasing customer base. This revenue profile is indicative of
Analysis on Operational the robustness of the Company's business model, which is anchored in broad
customer accessibility and the development of long-term customer relationships. Net
Performance profit for the year amounted to 6,723 million Baht, an increase of 14.59 percent
compared to the previous year. As a result, profit growth outpacing revenue growth
demonstrates the Company's effectiveness in cost management alongside the
During 2025, the Thai economy has undergone a gradual recovery, underpinned by the tourism maintenance of credit quality
sector and domestic consumption activity. Despite this progress, household indebtedness remained
Operating expenses increased by 8.54 percent, in line with branch expansion and
a significant constraint, keeping the need for flexible and easily accessible financing channels
workforce growth undertaken to support business development. Such expenditures are
consistently high, especially among low-income groups, farmers, and small business owners,
regarded as strategic investments to enhance service capacity, improve operational
segments that are central to the foundation of the broader economy. This landscape reinforces
efficiency, and accommodate long-term loan portfolio growth. At the same time, the
the important function that microfinance businesses serve in bridging the financing gap and
Company maintained continuous control over credit quality resulting in lower financial
enabling the continued flow of economic activity at the community level.
asset write-off losses compared to the previous year, and preserving a disciplined
balance between revenue growth and risk management.
The Company pursued measured expansion of its loan portfolio,
complemented by disciplined credit risk management encompassing Amidst high interest rates and domestic money market constraints, the Company
rigorous underwriting standards, proactive borrower quality monitoring, has implemented a strategy to diversify funding sources from both domestic and
and continuous talent development. The ongoing expansion of its international financial institutions, including the issuance of debt instruments in
branch network served to deepen financial service accessibility across international markets, to achieve an optimal financial cost structure and
the country, with outstanding loan balances reaching 183,223 million repayment period. Furthermore, the Company has fully hedged against interest
Baht, representing 11.56 percent increase from the previous year. This rate and exchange rate risks, enabling efficient management of financial costs
growth was accompanied by a consistent improvement in asset quality. amidst volatile market conditions. This strategy enhances funding flexibility and
securely supports the Company's future business growth.
Prudent portfolio management yielded a reduction in the NPL ratio to
2.53 percent, from 2.75 percent recorded in 2024, while expected
As of 31 December 2025, the Company's total assets stood at 192,382 million Baht, an
credit loss provisions declined to 3,353 million Baht year-on-year.
increase of 12.61 percent from the previous year. The predominant asset class
These results are indicative of the Company's strong credit risk
comprised loan receivables, accounting for 89.76 percent of total assets, consistent with
management capabilities and its disciplined approach to deploying
the nature of the Company's core business operations. The capital structure remained
risk mitigation measures appropriate to each phase of the economic
robust, underpinned by growth in shareholders’ equity in line with continuously
cycle. Loan portfolio growth achieved alongside enhanced asset
improving operating performance, alongside the maintenance of financial ratios at
quality not only bolsters the Company's profitability, but also
appropriate levels and adequate interest coverage capacity. These factors position the
strengthens cash flow predictability and the durability of its financial
Company well to support business expansion and sustain effective liquidity
position over the long term.
management over the long term
The Company remains committed to expanding financial accessibility
nationwide. Currently, it has expanded over 8,673 branches and The financial results for the year ended 2025 reflect the Company's ability to grow
service points, covering 77 provinces. This inclusive approach responsibly, striking a disciplined balance between expansion, profitability, and financial
provides essential liquidity to retail entrepreneurs, promotes stability. The Company remains committed to its strategic priorities of broadening
investment in agriculture and the service industry, and opens financial inclusion, enhancing operational efficiency, managing the cost of financing with
pathways to more stable income and livelihoods. In doing so, the discipline, and deploying data-driven approaches to loan portfolio management,
Company drives economic growth while meaningfully improving delivering sustainable growth and enduring value to all stakeholders.
quality of life and reinforcing the long-term strength of the
foundational economy.
87 88
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 4 Management Analysis and Explanation Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
4.2 Important Financial
The revenue from interest and fees have grown at 11.33% due to the Company’s
Information
organic growth strategy of branch expansion and the loan momentum from the
recovering economic situation from domestic consumption and tourism industry.
The Company ended the year with 8,673 branches in 2025 compared to 8,171
branches in 2024. As the Company has established itself as a leader in low-interest
rate lending within the industry, the interest rates offered to customers have been
strategically reduced to competitively drive loan growth and ensure the sustainability
In 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries had the net profit of 6,723 million Baht
of the customer base in the long term.
which was 14.59% increased YoY due to many important factors as follow:
Fees and Service Revenues
Statement of
The Company's fee and service income consists of collection fees charged to
customers with overdue loan payments. The applicable rates vary depending on the
Comprehensive income
type of loan and are charged at a fixed rate per collection attempt.
Insurance Commission Revenues
Revenue
Insurance commission revenues were generated from the sale of MTB insurance
products to customers utilizing the Company's loan services. These sales were
2025 2024 Growth 2023
conducted exclusively through the Company's branches and service centers. As a
Revenue Million Million Million Million
% % % % result, the commission income from MTB insurance sales was directly tied to the
Baht Baht Baht Baht
growth in the Company's loan portfolio, reflecting the increased volume of credit
Interest income from loans receivables 30,010 97.63 26,956 96.60 3,054 11.33 23,500 95.82
and hire purchase receivables extended to customers. The sale of insurance policies does not affect the loan
approval process.
Fee and service income1 572 1.86 781 2.80 (209) (26.71) 921 3.75
Other income 157 0.51 165 0.60 (8) (4.89) 105 0.43
Total revenues 30,739 100.00 27,902 100.00 2,837 10.17 24,526 100.00
SG&A, Loss from derecognition and ECL
1 Total insurance commission revenue is the revenue from the business operations of Muangthai Leasing Insurance of financial asset, and Financing cost
Broker (a subsidiary of the Company).
The Company and its
2025 2024 Change 2023
Interest and Fee Revenue from Operating
subsidiaries had the total
operating expenses of Expense Million % Million % Million % Million %
Loan Granting Baht Baht Baht Baht
22,330 Services and administrative 11,759 52.66 10,790 52.44 969 8.98 9,702 52.73
The interest and fee revenues expenses
2025 2024 Growth 2023
from loan granting is the million baht 8.54% (YoY)
Revenue Million Million Million Million Loss (gain) arising from 1,051 4.71 1,141 5.55 (90) (7.89) 907 4.93
main source of revenue which % % % %
Baht Baht Baht Baht The Company has derecognition of financial assets
account for over
Title loans and land deed 24,291 80.94 21,212 78.69 3,079 14.52 17,523 74.57 implemented a continuous measured at amortized cost and
90% branch expansion strategy hire purchase receivables
Personal loans and Nano 5,038 16.79 5,042 18.71 (4) (0.08) 5,090 21.66
to rapidly enhance
finance loans Expected credit loss 3,353 15.02 3,501 17.02 (148) (4.22) 3,934 21.38
customer outreach and
of the total revenue
Other income 681 2.27 702 2.60 (21) (2.99) 887 3.77 expand loan service
Finance costs 6,167 27.61 5,142 24.99 1,025 19.94 3,857 20.96
coverage across Thailand.
Total revenues 30,010 100.00 26,956 100.00 3,054 11.33 23,500 100.00
As a result, employee Total Expense 22,330 100.00 20,574 100.00 1,756 8.54 18,400 100.00
Average interest income rate 17.93 18.20 18.42 expenses have increased
accordingly.
89 90
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 4 Management Analysis and Explanation Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Service and Administrative Expenses Financial Expenses
The Company average funding The financial expenses have increased due to high interest rates. The expansion of loan
2025 2024 Change 2023
cost at facilities to support growth of the loan portfolio in 2025, as well as the redemption of
Expense Million Million Million Million
% % % %
Baht Baht Baht Baht 4.53 previously issued bonds with lower interest rates. However, domestic fundraising faces
Salary, wages and other 7,737 65.80 6,973 64.62 764 10.96 6,085 62.72 constraints from several factors, namely:
employee benefits
Increased from
1. Concerns over the default risk of certain companies,
the previous year
Depreciation and Amortization 1,585 13.48 1,518 14.07 67 4.41 1,443 14.87
2. Government fundraising through the money market to implement its policies, and
Special business tax 979 8.33 886 8.21 93 10.50 765 7.89
3. Restrictions on cooperatives' investment in the money market.
Others 1,458 12.39 1,413 13.10 45 3.18 1,409 14.52
To manage financial costs and diversify funding sources, the Company has expanded its
Total 11,759 100.00 10,790 100.00 969 8.98 9,702 100.00 borrowings from foreign financial institutions and issued bonds overseas, leveraging interest rate
differentials between domestic and international markets to achieve optimal cost and repayment
terms. As a result, the Company’s average financial cost stood at 4.53%, rising by 0.34%
Salary, wages and other employee benefits increasing by 764 million baht came from the
compared to the previous year.
increase of personnel to support the branch expansion. The number of employees at the
fiscal of 2025 = 16,637employees, 2024 = 15,929 employees, and 2023 = 14,873 employees.
Item 2025 2024 Change 2023
Finance Cost (Million Baht) 6,167 5,142 1,025 3,857
Depreciation and amortization increased by 67 million baht, primarily due to the addition of
vehicles, assets, and office equipment as a result of the Company’s continuous branch Average Interest Expense Ratio (%) 4.53 4.19 0.34 3.60
expansion.
Interest Spread (%) 13.40 14.01 (0.61) 14.82
Specific business tax increase for 93 million Baht was mainly due to an increase in
interest and fee revenues from increasing credit services. Services and administrative Net Profit
expenses at the end of 2025 =30,010 million baht, 2024 = 26,956 million baht, and
In 2025, the Company In 2025, the Company achieved the net profit margin of 21.87 percent amid a gradually
2023 = 23,500 million baht.
recorded a net profit of
recovering economy and the implementing Responsible Lending measures to mitigate high
6,723 household debt, this result from:
Impairment of Loan Receivables
1. Enhanced Credit Portfolio Management
million baht 14.59% (YoY)
The Company has complied with financial reporting standards TFRS 9 which required
Driven by improved loan portfolio Implementing effective customer screening measures
considerable judgement about how changes in economic factors affect ECLs, which would
quality, cost management, and
Closely monitoring credit portfolio quality
be determined on a probability-weighted basis., the estimate of expected cash shortfalls customer base expansion.
Continuously improving employee skills in customer analysis and debt collection
was determined by multiplying the probability of default (“PD”) with percentage of the loss
given default (“LGD”) with the expected exposure at the time of default (“EAD”). The 2. Cost Management and New Customer Base Expansion
Company’s Impairment of Loan Receivables Resulted as Follow:
Branch expense management for greater efficiency
Expand the new customer base and increase branches
Item 2025 2024 Change 2023
Loss (gain) arising from derecognition of 1,051 1,141 (90) 907
Item 2025 2024 Growth 2023
financial assets measured at amortized cost and
hire purchase receivables (million Baht) Net profit (Million Baht) 6,723 5,867 856 4,906
Expected credit loss (million Baht) 3,353 3,501 (148) 3,934 Net profit margin (%) 21.87 21.03 0.84 20.00
Non-performing loan ratio 2.53 2.75 (0.22) 3.11 Net profit growth (%) 14.59 19.59 (5.00) (3.67)
91 92
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 4 Management Analysis and Explanation Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Statement of Financial Quality of Loan Receivables and
Hire Purchase Receivables
Position
2025 2024 2023
Aging
Assets Million Million Million
% % %
Baht Baht Baht
In 2025, the Company and Assets that have no significant increase in 165,177 90.15 146,786 89.37 124,874 87.13
its subsidiaries total assets 2025 2024 Change 2023 credit risk (Performing)
Assets Million Million Million Million
was at % % % %
Assets that have significant increase in 13,417 7.32 12,939 7.88 13,983 9.76
Baht Baht Baht Baht
credit risk (Under-Performing)
192,382
Cash and cash equivalents 4,995 2.60 3,126 1.83 1,869 59.79 2,822 1.88
Assets that are credit impaired 4,629 2.53 4,517 2.75 4,461 3.11
Loan receivables - net 172,687 89.76 154,453 90.40 18,234 11.81 133,926 89.19
million baht 12.61% (YoY) Total 183,223 100.00 164,242 100.00 143,318 100.00
Hire purchase receivables - net 3,917 2.04 3,677 2.15 240 6.53 4,223 2.81
The majority of the asset was
Less: allowance for doubtful debts (6,618) (3.61) (6,112) (3.72) (5,169) (3.61)
accounted for loan receivables Land, buildings and equipment 2,115 1.10 2,173 1.27 (58) (2.67) 2,150 1.43
which was approximately Book value - net 176,605 96.39 158,130 96.28 138,149 96.39
91.80% of the total assets. Right of use assets 5,410 2.81 5,165 3.02 245 4.74 4,862 3.24
Other assets 3,258 1.69 2,252 1.32 1,006 44.67 2,173 1.45
2025 2024 2023
Total 192,382 100.00 170,846 100.00 21,536 12.61 150,156 100.00
Classification
Million Million Million
% % %
Baht Baht Baht
Loan Receivables Due within one year 79,987 45.29 73,455 46.45 66,916 48.44
Due in more than one year 96,618 54.71 84,675 53.55 71,233 51.56
The loan receivables of the Company consisted of the loan receivables and the hire and Loan receivables - net 176,605 100.00 158,130 100.00 138,149 100.00
purchase receivables with the following composition:
Property, Buildings, and Equipment, and
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Type Right-of-Use Assets
Million Million Million Million
% % % %
Baht Baht Baht Baht
At the end of 2025, the Group had net property, plant and equipment of 2,115
Motorcycles1 53,968 29.46 48,860 29.75 5,108 10.45 43,758 30.53
million baht compared to 2,173 million baht and 2,150 million baht in 2024 and 2023
Cars1 68,900 37.60 60,973 37.12 7,927 13.00 49,175 34.31
respectively. The property of the Company mainly consisted of office equipment,
Agricultural trucks1 6,530 3.56 5,538 3.37 992 17.91 4,768 3.33
computers, and vehicles for operation purposes and the head office building.
Land1 28,045 15.31 23,468 14.29 4,577 19.50 18,687 13.04
The Company and its subsidiaries recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
Personal loan2 16,836 9.19 16,140 9.83 696 4.31 16,486 11.50
on the lease commencement date, except for leases of low-value assets or short-
Nano finance2 4,923 2.69 5,368 3.27 (445) (8.29) 5,720 3.99 term leases, which are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right-
Hire and purchase1 4,021 2.19 3,895 2.37 126 3.23 4,724 3.30 of-use assets are measured at cost, net of accumulated depreciation, impairment
losses, and adjusted for lease liability remeasurements.
Total 183,223 100.00 164,242 100.00 18,981 11.56 143,318 100.00
1 Collateralized receivables
2 Non-collateralized receivables
93 94
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 4 Management Analysis and Explanation Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Liabilities and Shareholders’ Equity 4.3 Financial Ratio
In 2025, the Company and its
2025 2024 Change 2023
subsidiaries' liabilities and
Dept
Million Million Million Million
shareholder’s equity was % % % %
Baht Baht Baht Baht
192,382 Loan and debentures 137,423 71.43 124,323 72.77 13,100 10.54 109,864 73.16
Lease liability 5,459 2.84 5,216 3.05 243 4.66 4,906 3.27
Item 2025 2024 2023
million Baht 12.61 % (YoY)
Other liabilities 6,581 3.42 4,354 2.55 2,227 51.15 3,469 2.31
with the main source of funds Total assets (million Baht) 192,382 170,846 150,156
in terms of promissory notes,
Total shareholders’ equity 42,919 22.31 36,953 21.63 5,966 16.14 31,917 21.26
Total liabilities (million Baht) 149,463 133,893 118,239
overdraft limits, and long-
term loans while other means Total 192,382 100.00 170,846 100.00 21,536 12.61 150,156 100.00 Shareholders’ equity (million Baht) 42,919 36,953 31,917
of capital raising included
issuing Bills of Exchange and Total revenue (million Baht) 30,739 27,902 24,526
Bonds. Both domestically and
Total expenses (million Baht) 22,330 20,574 18,400
internationally, foreign currency
loans have been fully hedged
Tax paid (million Baht) 1,685 1,461 1,220
against interest rate and Loans and Debentures
exchange rate risks. Net profit (loss) (million Baht) 6,723 5,867 4,906
2025 2024 2023 Net debt to EBITDA ratio 1 (times) 8.53 9.04 9.80
Item
Million Million Million
% % % Interest coverage ratio: ICR 2 (times) 2.62 2.72 2.96
Baht Baht Baht
Short term loan 2,720 1.98 8,660 6.97 12,691 11.55 Debt service coverage ratio: DSCR 3 (times) 0.38 0.25 0.24
Long term loan - Financial institutions 28,813 20.97 27,096 21.79 23,732 21.60 Debt to equity: D/E ratio 4 (times) 3.48 3.62 3.70
Long term loan - debentures 105,890 77.05 88,567 71.24 73,441 66.85 Current ratio (times) 1.84 1.30 1.38
Total 137,423 100.00 124,323 100.00 109,864 100.00 BE size to interest bearing debt ratio (times) 0.01 0.02 0.06
Current portion of long-term loans to 0.30 0.43 0.42
Shareholders’ Equity
total interest-bearing debt (times)
Shareholders’ equity of the Borrowings from financial institutions to total liabilities (times) 0.21 0.25 0.25
Item 2025 2024 2023
Group increased from operating
Non-performing loan to total loans: NPL ratio 5 (%) 2.53 2.75 3.11
profits. The Company paid Net profit (million Baht) 6,723 5,867 4,906
dividends in cash from profits
Allowance for doubtful account to total loans 6 (%) 3.61 3.72 3.61
since 2014 (the year it was Dividend paid (million Baht) 614.80 530 445
listed on the Stock Exchange). Return on assets: ROA 7 (%) 3.70 3.66 3.53
Dividend per share (Baht) 0.29 0.25 0.21
Debt to Equity ratio (times) 3.48 3.62 3.70 1Calculated from (total interest-bearing debt exclude liabilities under hire purchase payable cash and cash equivalent / Earnings before interest tax, depreciation
and amortization (EBITDA)
2Calculated by earnings before interest tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) divided by interest expense
Cash flow
3Calculated by earnings before interest tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) divided by short-term interest-bearing debt + current portion of long-term
interest-bearing debt
4Calculated following the term which the issuer should maintain the Debt-to-Equity Ratio below 7:1 at the year-end of each accounting period. The calculation is
Unit: million Baht 2025 2024 2023
based on the consolidated financial statement by the auditor of the issuer (which is certified by the Securities and Exchange Commission) throughout the
duration period.
Net cash used in operating activities (4,811) (7,250) (11,492)
5Calculated by the non-performing loan / total loan
Net cash used in investing activities (325) (432) (521) 6Calculated by allowance of doubtful account (or allowance credit loss) / total loan
7Calculated by net profit / total assets
Net cash from financing activities 7,005 7,987 11,622
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,869 305 (391)
95 96
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 5 General Information and Other Important Information Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 1
Business Operation and
Operational Performance
General Information and Other
Important Information
5.1 99
General Information
5.2 100
Other Important Information
5.3 100
Legal Dispute
5.4 100
Secondary Market
5.5 100
Regular Contacted Financial Institution,
Underwriter, and Selling Agent
97 98
Part1 Business Operation and Operational Performance 5 General Information and Other Important Information Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
5.1 General Information 5.2 Other Important 5.4 Secondary
Information Market
Company’s name : Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
No history of default on principal or interest - Not any -
Type of business : A non-bank institution engages in loan service business, consisting of Vehicle Title Loan
payments on debt instruments or default on
/ Land Title Deed Loan / Personal Loan / Nano Finance Loan / Motorcycle Hire-
loan payments from commercial banks finance
Purchase Loan / Consumer Loan / Non-Life Insurance Broker Business
company credit foncier company or a financial
Head Office Address : 332/1 Jaransanitwong Road, Bangplad, Bangplad, Bangkok 10700 5.5
institution established under a specific Law has Regular Contacted
Company registration : 0107557000195 been found in the past 3 years.
Financial
number Plc. No.
No history of breach of terms and conditions
Institution,
Homepage : www.muangthaicap.com
has been found in the past 3 years.
Authorized capital : 2,120,000,000 Baht (as of 31st December 2025) Underwriter, and
Paid-up capital : 2,120,000,000 Baht (as of 31st December 2025) Selling Agent
Telephone : (+66) 2-483-8888 5.3 Legal
1. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited
Dispute
Company Secretary : Miss Chutharat Thingkot Tel. (+66) 2-483-8888 Ext. 12999
2. Kasikornbank Public Company Limited
E-mail: chutharat.t@muangthaicap.com
3. Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited
On 5th August 2025, the Company was accused of
Registrar of : Thailand Securities Depository Co., Ltd. 4. The Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Limited
violating the Bank of Thailand’s regulations regarding
Securities The Stock Exchange of Thailand Building,
5. Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited
loan contract termination and capitalization of accrued
No. 93 Ratchadaphisek Road, Din Daeng, Bangkok 10400
interest and fees into new agreement principal, 6. Kiatnakin Phatra Bank Public Company Limited
Tel. (+66) 2-009-9999 (Call Center)
constituting an offense under Revolutionary Council 7. CIMB Thai Bank Public Company Limited
E-Mail: SETContactCenter@set.or.th Announcement No. 58. The Company has ceased the
8. Land and Houses Bank Public Company Limited
Auditor : KPMG Phoomchai Audit Ltd. practice and remedied affected debtors. The matter is 9. Bank of China (Thai) Public Company Limited
under investigation; however, the Company considers
50th Floor, Empire Tower, No. 1 South Sathorn Road, 10. Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Thai)
it not material and without significant impact on its
Yan Nawa, Sathorn, Bangkok 10120 Tel. (+66) 2-677-2000 Public Company Limited
overall business. The Company and its subsidiaries
Legal Advisor of : Chandler Mori Hamada Limited have no other regulatory or legal proceedings as 11. Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
the Company 31st and 36th Floors, Sathorn Square Building, follows: 12. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank (Thai) Public
No. 98 North Sathorn Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok 10500 Cases that could potentially harm its assets or Company Limited
the assets of its subsidiaries by more than 5% of 13. Standard. Chartered Bank (Thai)
Tel. (+66) 2-009-5000 Fax :02-009-5080
shareholders’ equity as of 31st December 2025. Public Company Limited
E-mail : cmhm_info@mhm-global.com
Cases that significantly affect its business 14. The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Legal Advisor for : Weerawong, Chinnavat & Partners Ltd.
operations or its subsidiaries. 15. JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Bond Issuance 39th Floor, Park Silom Building No.1, Convent Road,
Cases unrelated to its normal business operations 16. K rungsri Capital Securities Public Company Limited
Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok, 10500
and its subsidiaries operations. 17. KGI Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited
Tel. (+66) 2-636-2000 Fax : 0-636-2111
Cases involving violation of share repurchase 18. Krungthai XSpring Securities Company Limited
E-mail : info@weerawongcp.com
regulations, restrictions on shareholder
19. Asia Plus Securities Company Limited
Registrar and : Bank of Ayudhya Public Company Limited communication, or non-disclosure of shareholding
20. Yuanta Securities (Thailand) Company Limited
Debenture Holder No. 1222 Rama III Road, Bang Phongphang, agreements.
21. Maybank Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited
Representative Yan Nawa, Bangkok, 10120 Tel. (+66) 2-296-5999 Litigation matters between the Company, its
22. Daol Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited
E-Mail : cb_contactcenter@krungsri.com subsidiaries, and trade competitors
99 100
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 2
Corporate Governance
Good Corporate Governance Policy
6.1 103
Overview of Good Corporate Governance
Policies and Practical Guidelines
6.2 120
Business Code of Conduct
6.3 122
Significant Changes and Developments of
Corporate Governance
101 102
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
6.1 Overview of Good Corporate In 2025, the Company received an assessment result in the Thai Listed
Company Corporate Governance survey (CGR) at an Excellent level (5 stars) for
8 consecutive years from the Thai Institute of Directors (IOD). This has reflected
Governance Policies and
the Company's ongoing commitment to operating according to the principles of
good Corporate Governance, aiming to become a global leader in the
Practical Guidelines microfinance business with transparency, responsibility, and a focus on creating
stability and sustainability for all stakeholders.
Policies and Practices
The Company commits to achieving stable and
sustainable growth by creating value for
Relating to the Board of Directors
shareholders and all stakeholders. Established
policies, CG guidelines, and Code of Conduct
for operating with standards, transparency, and Good Corporate Governance
responsibility. These are approved and reviewed
Nomination of Directors and
at least once a year by the Board of Directors is a guide for managing and controlling the
and the Corporate Governance and Independent Directors
business to ensure transparency, fairness,
Sustainability Committee to ensure alignment
and accountability to stakeholders, helping
among directors, executives, employees, and all 1. Criteria for Nomination
relevant parties. This process strengthens
the organization operate efficiently, build
effective and transparent governance that 1.1 Regarding the qualifications, knowledge, and necessary skills of the Board
trust, and achieve long-term sustainability.
supports sustainable development. Accordingly, and to be consistent with the Company’s business strategy. Apply the
the Company has set the following good CG aforementioned skills to develop a strategy and business plan for the
practices: Company effectively
To ensure that directors, executives, employees, and related parties practice
1.2 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will consider a person who
the same direction, create excellence standards for the organization, and
has qualifications as stipulated in the charter of the Board of Directors as
enhance efficiency, transparency, as well as stability and sustainable growth,
prescribed by law and according to the table of knowledge and
the Company has established the Corporate Governance practices as
specialization (Board Skill Matrix) which has set in line with the Company’s
follows:
The Good Corporate business strategy in various areas.
Governance policies can be 1. Comply with the policies, practices based on the principles of good
1.3 For the consideration of the director position, the nominated person must
learned more via the link Corporate Governance, the Corporate Governance guideline, or the Code
not hold the director position in listed companies for more than 5
of Conduct rigorously.
investor.muang i thaic n ap.com/e v n/compa e ny-info/co s mpany- t docum o ents r.muangthaicap.com/en companies in total.
/company-info/company- 2. The Company’s directors, executives and employees must perform 1.4 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will consider a person who has
documents duties with responsibility, prudence, honesty and integrity in accordance qualifications as stipulated in the charter of the Board of Directors as prescribed
with laws, its regulations, and related announcements strictly. by law and according to the table of knowledge and specialization which has
or scan QR Code
been set in line with the Company’s business strategy in various areas.
3. Uphold fairness by overseeing, monitoring, controlling, and preventing
any decisions or actions that may lead to conflicts of interest and
2. Director Selection Processes
related-party transactions, prioritizing the best interests of the Company.
2.1 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee considers a director by the
4. The operation is performed to ensure that important information is
end of office term or resignation/removal/additional appointment of a
adequately disclosed, reliable and within the time frame specified by law.
director. The Company adheres to the policy of the Board Diversity
5. Treat stakeholders fairly, equally, and transparently in accordance with structure and adheres to the qualifications of a nominated person. This
good Corporate Governance principles to foster strong relationships and committee carefully considers to ensure that a proposed director is well-
promote the organization's sustainable growth. qualified relating to the Board of Directors
103 104
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
2.2 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee selects a director from the Nomination of Chairman of the
Director Pool, from the Thai Institute of Directors (IOD) or the Capital Market,
Executive Committee
which serve as sources for individuals with knowledge, skills, and qualifications
in accordance with good Corporate Governance standards.
1. Criteria for Nomination
2.3 The Company provides an opportunity for shareholders equally to propose a
1.1 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for selecting
person to hold the director position via platforms as prescribed on the
the CEO who must be a person with knowledge, competence, skills,
Company’s website before the Annual General Meeting of shareholders.
experienced in management and experienced in business operations that
are consistent with the business of the Company proficient in specific
3. Directors Election Process and Appointment areas that are beneficial to the Company’s business without discrimination
of gender, age, race, nationality, and religion.
3.1 When the Nomination and Remuneration Committee selects qualified and
suitable persons to hold the position of the Company’s director, the name will 1.2 Have a transparent employment record, meet all required qualifications, and
be presented to the Board of Directors and then to the shareholders’ meeting not have any prohibited characteristics as specified in the Public Limited
for consideration and approval. This process is to comply with the Company’s Companies Act, the Securities and Exchange Act, as well as the rules and
Articles of Association and the composition of the Board of Directors. notifications of the SEC and SET.
1.3 Have good leadership, a far-reaching vision, be moral and ethical as well
3.2 Voting to appoint the Company's directors must be at the shareholders’
as a good attitude toward the Company, able to dedicate sufficient time for
meeting, individual voting will be used. The shareholders’ meeting must have a
the benefit of the Company’s business operations.
resolution approved by a majority vote of the shareholders attending the
meeting and having the right to vote by electing directors according to the 1.4 CEO must have management ideas and a vision that align with the
criteria and methods of the Company's Articles of Association as follows: direction of the Board of Directors, and there must be mutual trust, as well
as close coordination between them.
Each shareholder shall have one vote per each share held by him/her
Each shareholder may use his/her votes in the election of a person or
multiple persons as directors. In case of the election of multiple
2. Nomination Processes
persons as directors, any portion of votes cannot be shared.
The persons who received the highest number of votes in their 2.1 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall nominate
respective order of the votes shall be appointed as directors. The individuals who possess knowledge, capabilities, skills, and
person who received the nearest to the highest number of votes in experience that are beneficial to the Company’s operations
their respective order in a number not exceeding the number of 2.2 Select suitable candidates from both internal and external sources,
directors to be elected at that meeting, shall be decided by the including consideration of high-potential and preparation to serve as an
chairman. executive under the succession plan, or executives with experience
from other organizations, or through executive search firms.
3.3 In the case of a vacancy in the Board of Directors due to other factors aside
from the end of the directorship term, the Board of Directors shall select any 2.3 Verify that the candidates meet the qualifications as prescribed by
persons qualified with the Public Limited Company Act and Securities and applicable laws and the Company’s regulations.
Exchange Act to fill in. Unless such vacant directorship remains less than two
months. A replacing director holds the position for the rest of the term as the 3. Selection Processes and Appointment
replaced director. The resolution of the Board must contain three-fourths of the 3.1 The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will propose the name
votes from the rest of the Board members. of that person at the Board of Directors’ meeting for consideration.
The Board must be appointed by the shareholders to take overall responsibility 3.2 The Board of Directors considers the suitability based on the
for the Company. These responsibilities include directing, approving, and evaluation results and all relevant supporting information.
overseeing the implementation of the Company’s strategies, Corporate 3.3 The CEO appointment has to be a majority vote of directors who
Governance and corporate values. attend the meeting and have the right to vote.
3.4 The resolution of the Board of Directors shall be deemed final.
105 106
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Succession Plan Policy
The Board of Directors oversees the development of a succession plan for
the Chairman of the Executive Committee (CEO), the Managing Director, and the Deputy Procedure
Managing Director in the event of resignation, retirement, or incapacity to perform duties.
1. When the position of the Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director and/or
This ensures that the Company is prepared for leadership transitions by identifying,
Deputy Managing Director becomes vacant or they are unable to perform
selecting, and continuously developing capable executives to assume leadership roles
the duties, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for
effectively. The Company places significant emphasis on developing its leadership from
selecting a new Chairman of the Executive Committee/Managing Director
both internal and external sources as appropriate. A transparent and fair selection
to propose to the Board for consideration and approval, appointing a
process is established, with clear criteria, to ensure that successors possess the
suitable person to assume the position going forward.
necessary capabilities to lead the Company toward growth and alignment with its
strategic objectives, while maintaining strong Corporate Governance and code of conduct 2. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible for reviewing
for sustainable success. the criteria, selection methods, and assessment forms for the capabilities
and potential of successors, to be submitted for approval by the Board of
Directors.
3. Prepare documents for the selection process by using capability and
The Qualifications of the Chairman of the Executive Committee potential assessment forms to analyze and evaluate the work potential of
and the Managing Director
the nominated successor.
Serve as a director of the Company in accordance with the law.
Have no prohibited traits under the law or the Company’s Articles of 4. The secretary of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee is responsible
Association. for collecting and submitting the capability and potential assessment forms
Possess knowledge, capability, and experience in management in top of the nominated successors, along with relevant documents and a list of
executive or a minimum of 5 years of managerial experience or individuals who meet the qualifications and evaluation criteria, to the
equivalent, and experience in the business of the Company. Nomination and Remuneration Committee for consideration.
Education is not lower than the Bachelor’s degree level and proficient in
5. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will consider and interview
management, marketing, finance and accounting.
individuals who meet the qualifications and pass the evaluation criteria.
Have the leadership, far-sighted vision and positive attitude towards the
6. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will clearly establish and
Company.
document the list of successors for the position of Chief Executive Officer
Possess the ability to strategize and manage the Company in alignment
(CEO), Managing Director and/or Deputy Managing Director, keeping it
with the Company’s vision and mission.
confidential among the committee members. The list will then be submitted
Be able to devote sufficient time to the performance of duties.
to the Board of Directors for approval and appointment
Demonstrate effective decision-making and problem-solving skills while
considering the maximum benefit to the Company.
Be capable of analyzing business situations and trends to develop Monitoring of Performance Results
appropriate and efficient strategies, policies, and plans for the Company.
1. Develop individual development plans, which are steps to enhance the
expertise and proficiency of successors, preparing them for higher
The Qualifications of the Deputy Managing Director
positions or maintaining their current roles. This aims to develop their
Have no prohibited traits under the law or the Company’s Articles of
potential to achieve results in line with the Company’s vision and mission.
Association.
Possess knowledge and expertise in their area of responsibility.
2. Report the performance results of the successors to the Board of
Demonstrate analytical and decision-making capabilities at the
Directors annually.
executive level.
Be honest, ethical, and uphold integrity, morality, and professional ethics. 3. Review the succession and development plans annually, at least once a
Be able to devote sufficient time to perform their duties effectively. year, to ensure alignment with the Company’s circumstances and
strategic objectives.
107 108
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
New Director Orientation Personal Data Protection Policy
and Director Training
The Company recognizes the importance of protecting personal data, which is a
In 2025, the Company provided an orientation program for one newly appointed director to ensure an understanding
fundamental right of data owners and a key aspect of conducting business
of key overview information of the Company, including its organizational structure, vision, mission, business
strategies, as well as the roles, duties, and responsibilities in performing duties as a company director in accordance responsibly, transparently, and in compliance with the law. The Company is
with legal requirements and good corporate governance principles. Additionally, the Company places importance on committed to managing personal data appropriately to build trust among customers,
continuously promoting knowledge of directors by supporting their participation in relevant training programs or vendors, employees, and all relevant stakeholders. This includes emphasizing proper
seminars to enhance corporate governance and to strengthen the Board’s performance with effectiveness, practices in the collection, storage, use, disclosure, and transfer of personal data, as
transparency, and in accordance with good corporate governance principles
well as respecting the rights of data owners as prescribed by applicable data
A newly appointed director shall receive proper training with the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the protection laws. The Company has established appropriate management measures to
Company Secretary, to prepare the directors to perform their duties. The orientation materials provided upon prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of personal data and to mitigate risks
appointment as a director by the shareholders' meeting are as follows: of data loss, destruction, or unauthorized alteration.
1. The information or documents that new directors must report Furthermore, the Company reviews and updates its Personal Data Protection Policy
to the company in accordance with the law include:
regularly, at least once a year, or whenever there are legal changes, to ensure that its
Information for a new
data protection measures remain appropriate, effective, and aligned with
director Report the trading of the Company’s shares of
internationally recognized best practices.
oneself.
Company history and the nature of the
Report the interest transaction of oneself,
Company’s business
spouse and relatives who are a controlling
The Company’s and subsidiaries’ structure, shareholder, director, executive for other
structure of controlling shareholders and businesses. Responsible Lending Policy
Relationship with the Company (i.e. purchasers,
directors
major traders, etc.)
Directors’ remuneration and benefits
2. The Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association
Retroactive financial status and operating of the Company
The Company recognizes the importance of conducting its lending business
results for at least in the last 3 years
3. Scope of duties and responsibilities of the Board of responsibly and fairly toward consumers. Accordingly, the Company has
Responsibilities of the Board according Directors and sub-committees. established a Responsible Lending Policy in alignment with the Bank of
to relevant laws 4. The Board’s minutes in the last 1 year for a new director Thailand’s guidelines. This policy is grounded in the key principles of
Business strategies and operational to know the resolved matters. It is to provide information transparency, fairness, and due consideration of borrowers’ repayment
plans of the Company and understanding of the Board’s duties for a meeting ability. The Company is committed to providing responsible lending services
continually. throughout all stages of the credit lifecycle from pre-loan information
5. The Company’s manuals/guidelines (i.e. Corporate disclosure, credit assessment and approval, account management, to debt
Governance guidelines and Code of Conduct, ERM collection. Emphasis is placed on providing accurate and complete
guideline, etc.) information, transparently disclosing interest rates and fees, and promoting
fair and appropriate solutions for debt resolution.
6. The Company’s policies
7. Reports from regulators for improvement, amendment and
In addition, the Company has set clear guidelines requiring all employees to
practices
strictly comply with this policy and to ensure that debtors are well-informed
8. Meeting with the Chairman of the Board and Managing
of their rights, receive fair treatment, and are protected in accordance with
Director before the Board’s first meeting
the Bank of Thailand’s regulations.
9. Information disclosure on the annual report
10. Others relevant on the Company’s business operations
109 110
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Anti-Money Laundering, Prevention of Conflicts of Interest
Counter-Terrorism, and Proliferation Policy
of Weapons of Mass Destruction
1. Prevention of the transactions that
may cause conflict of interest
Financing Policy (AML/CTPF)
The Company has established a policy requiring directors, executives,
employees, and related parties to avoid seeking personal benefits and to refrain
from any actions that may give rise to conflicts of interest or related-party
The Company conducts its business with transparency, good corporate governance, and strict compliance with
transactions, whether directly or indirectly. This includes interactions with
applicable laws, recognizing the importance of preventing the Company from being used as a channel for
business partners, customers, competitors, as well as the use of opportunities,
money laundering, terrorist financing, and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. Accordingly, the
assets, or information obtained through one’s position or duties. In the event
Company carefully monitors and reviews customer transactions, reports cash transactions and suspicious
that any person has an interest in a matter, such person must disclose it to the
transactions as required by the Anti-Money Laundering Office (AMLO), and continuously monitors related
Company and abstain from participating in any decision-making related to the
transactions.
relevant transaction.
Furthermore, the Company requires employees at all levels to receive regular training on anti-money laundering
At meetings of the Board of Directors, any director who has an interest in an
and counter-terrorism financing to strengthen their understanding and awareness of legal compliance and
agenda item that may give rise to a conflict of interest must leave the meeting
corporate policies that is part of the Company’s responsible and sustainable business practices.
during the consideration of such matter, unless permitted by the Chairman of
the meeting to remain solely for the purpose of providing necessary information.
However, such director shall abstain from voting. The Company shall record the
Prevention of Insider relevant details in the minutes of the meeting and require directors, executives,
and employees to acknowledge the said policy by signing accordingly.
Trading Policy
2. Related Party Transactions
The Audit Committee is responsible for carefully considering the
The Company sets policies, ethics and penalties for the use of inside information appropriateness of related-party transactions, ensuring that such transactions
and trading of securities of the Company to prevent the directors, executives, and are conducted fairly, on terms consistent with market prices and normal
employees, including their spouse and underage children from using inside business practices, and in strict compliance with the pricing criteria and
information that has not been disclosed to the public to gain improper benefits. conditions prescribed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and
The policy requires that the Company’s directors, executives and employees are the Stock Exchange of Thailand. Directors and executives who have an interest
Prohibited from buying, selling, transferring, or accepting the transfer of the in such transactions shall abstain from the consideration and voting on the
Company’s shares during the period in which significant financial information is relevant matters.
disclosed, or within 30 days prior to the disclosure of financial statements
(Blackout Period). They must also notify the company secretary of any intended
3. Inter-Pricing
share trading at least one day in advance.
Internal information is considered critical and must be used only within the scope To prevent potential conflicts of interest arising from transactions with related
of duties and responsibilities. Any public disclosure or communication of related parties, the Company requires that such transactions be conducted based on
information must be approved by the Managing Director or an authorized market prices or fair value. The pricing shall be determined in accordance with
representative. Moreover, the Company has also imposed the penalty for the use verifiable criteria and methodologies and in compliance with applicable
of the Company’s inside information for personal benefit. The penalty is a accounting standards. The Company will compare such prices with those of
warning until unemployment. It also provides training for directors, executives and comparable transactions with unrelated third parties to ensure that the prices
employees to understand and comply with the mentioned policy including signing used in related-party transactions are appropriate, transparent, and consistent
their acknowledgement. with good management practices.
111 112
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
4. Measures for Related Transaction or
Interested Transactions
Related-Party Transactions Approval
of Directors and Top
The Company has given importance to the prevention of conflicts of interest
arising from related transactions or related-party transactions which must be
Executives Policy
approved by the Board of Directors to ensure a transparent, fair, and
independent review. Therefore, the Company has set the practices for the
approval of related transactions or related-party transactions for the Board as
follows;
The Company requires the directors and the top executives to report their
1. Each director must disclose information or transactions that might lead to
own interests, spouse or cohabiting person and underaged children who
conflict of interests or related transactions or related-party transactions as
have interests in connection with the management of the business of the
required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
Company or its subsidiaries when holding the position of director or top
executives. When there is a change in stakeholder information as well as a
2. A director with related interests is prohibited from participating in the
regular report at the end of every year, they are required to report as the
approval process. In case that the related transactions have been
interest report form of directors and executives (Section 89/14) and send
conducted, the Audit Committee shall participate in giving an opinion in
the report to Company Secretary within 7 business day since the date of
accordance with the principles of good Corporate Governance and the
being appointed as a director or an executive. The Company Secretary is
regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET).
responsible for providing a copy of the mentioned interest report to the
Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Audit Committee within 7
3. To provide loan service or invest in business that a director having
business days since the day receiving the report in order to comply with the
interest must be unanimously approved by the Board without the
Securities and Exchange Act B.E.2535 (1992) and to use such information
attendance of such director to prevent conflict of interests and pricing.
to investigate and prevent conflicts of interest.
Moreover, terms and conditions must be determined in accordance with
the Company's normal trading and as same as the treatment that is given
to general customers.
Scope of Authority and Duties
1. Newly appointed directors or executives must submit a report on their
Information Security
interests and personal background using the Report on Interests and
Director/Executive Profile Form (Form 89/14) to the Company Secretary
Policy within 7 business days from the date of appointment. In the event of
new transactions involving interests or changes in personal information
during the year, they must submit the Report on Changes in Interests
and Director/Executive Profile (Form 89/14-1) to the Company Secretary
within 3 business days from the transaction date or the date of the
The Company places great importance on information management and
information changed.
security to protect critical data of the Company, its customers, employees,
and other stakeholders from potential risks such as unauthorized access,
2. Upon receiving the report as mentioned in item 1, the Company
data loss, or system damage. The Company has established a
Secretary shall prepare a copy of the report for the Chairman of the
comprehensive framework of policies and security measures covering the
Board, the Chairman of the Audit Committee, and the CEO within 7
safe storage, processing, transmission, and disposal of information.
business days from the receipt of the report. Additionally, the report
must be presented to the Board of Directors for acknowledgment at the
In addition, the Company continuously promotes information security next meeting every quarter.
awareness among employees to ensure that business operations are
3. The Company Secretary shall prepare the report using Form 89/14 for
conducted efficiently, transparently, and in compliance with applicable laws,
directors and executives and submit it to the Board of Directors and
regulations, and standards. The Company also regularly monitors and
executives on a quarterly basis to verify the accuracy of the information.
assesses information security risks and updates its policies and measures to
This will be disclosed in the Company's annual report.
stay current with technological advancements and emerging threats, thereby
maintaining organizational reliability and reinforcing stakeholder confidence.
113 114
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Stakeholder
3. Guideline toward Employees
The Company treats employees at all levels equally and fairly, respecting
Responsibility Policy
human rights, including compensation, benefits, opportunities for transfers,
training, occupational health and safety, career growth, and labor protection. The
Welfare Committee is established to be responsible for managing operational
To achieve steady and widely accepted growth, while generating efficient returns for
plans, labor relations activities, and coordinating with relevant agencies.
shareholders and considering the impact on all stakeholders, the Company is
committed to being a good example for society. This is done through sustainable
4. Guideline toward Vendors
business operations based on ethics and good Corporate Governance principles, as
well as enhancing business value for the long-term benefit of stakeholders. The
The importance to the selection of suitable vendors and fairness is
Company ensures the protection of rights as defined by law or relevant agreements
ensured through standardized selection criteria and the potential to operate
and fosters good relationships to strengthen financial stability and the sustainability
the business sustainably. The Company provides opportunities for professional
of the business.
vendors with transparent operations who can meet the established conditions,
deliver quality products and services on time, and maintain appropriate
The Company places great importance on fairness and the rights of stakeholders,
payment terms.
both direct and indirect, and continuously reports compliance with regulations to
the Bank of Thailand and other regulators. This supports sustainable development.
Therefore, the Company has established practices for each group of stakeholders 5. Guideline toward Competitors
as follows:
To conduct business within the framework of ethics, Code of Conduct, and
good competition rules, the Company supports collaboration with business
1. Guideline toward Customers
competitors that benefits consumers, including not damaging the reputation
of competitors, not seeking for confidentiality, not taking advantages of
Focusing on the needs and maximizing customer satisfaction under the
competitors, or not illegally obtaining confidential information.
approach of “Customer-Centric”, the Company operates responsibly,
complies with the Personal Data Protection Act, and develops the “Muangthai
6. Guideline toward
4.0” application system to meet customer needs. This includes expanding
branches to provide better coverage and establishing efficient communication Communities and Society
channels and complaint management systems. The Company also prioritizes
The Company has conducted business responsibly, considering the social
the protection of customer personal data by ensuring that customers' privacy
and environmental impact by using resources efficiently, strictly adhering to
rights are not violated.
the law, and continuously giving back to society through various projects such
as the ‘Blood for Chance’, ‘New Home for Chance’, ‘MTC – I-Tech for Teen’,
2. Guideline toward Shareholders /
‘MTC – Unite for the Community’, and many others. Additionally, it ensures
Investors / Creditors that directors, executives, and employees are prohibited from being involved
with any form of drugs, whether as traders or users.
Focusing on transparent business operations, adhering to good governance
principles, and achieving sustainable growth, the Company treats
7. Guideline toward Regulators
shareholders equally and fairly, considering the interests of all shareholder
groups. Additionally, the Company strictly and fairly complies with the terms To conduct business in alignment with business governance guidelines under
and agreements made with creditors, ensuring timely repayment of loans and the relevant licenses, providing customer services fairly and offering credit
interest, proper management of collateral, and the avoidance of using services responsibly, The Company has reported information to the
borrowed funds for purposes contrary to the intended use. The Company also
relevant regulators accurately, transparently, and on time. The Company
provides appropriate and comprehensive communication channels for all also focuses on ensuring that all personnel comply with the laws, regulations,
stakeholder groups. and rules related to the business, both domestically and internationally.
115 116
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Anti-Corruption Policy
Intellectual Property Policy
The Company recognizes that corruption is an obstacle to economic and social
development, creates unfair business practices, and adversely affects ethics,
The Company recognizes the importance of intellectual property and respects the
competitiveness, and the confidence of all stakeholders. Accordingly, the
rights of all creators, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, design rights, and
Company is committed to conducting its business with transparency and does
trade secrets belonging to individuals or other organizations. Conducting business
not support any activities, groups, or individuals that seek improper benefits,
in compliance with applicable laws, international standards, and code of conduct
whether directly or indirectly. The Company also cooperates with all sectors in
upon the intellectual property rights of others. The Company promotes a
combating corruption in all forms. Therefore, the Board of Directors has resolved
corporate culture that encourages continuous innovation, creativity, and invention.
to approve the Anti-Corruption Policy in accordance with the guidelines of
To ensure proper and effective practices, the Company has established guidelines
relevant authorities.
and measures covering intellectual property management, licensed software,
To reaffirm its commitment to operating as a transparent and accountable proper citation of external data or works, the Company’s trademarks and logos,
business, the Company was renewed as a member of the Thai Private Sector and the protection of confidential business and technological information. In
Collective Action Against Corruption (CAC) for the third term (second certification) addition, the Company regularly communicates and raises awareness among
on 30th June 2025. This reflects the Company’s firm determination to actively employees at all levels to strengthen their knowledge, understanding, and respect
combat corruption in all forms. for intellectual property rights.
The Company also encourages employees to participate in developing
innovations, products, and new work processes that add business value and
support sustainable competitive advantage.
Whistleblowing
Policy
Channels for
Complaint and Internal Control Policy
The Company has established whistleblowing and
Whistleblowing
complaint channels to receive comments, suggestions, or
information from stakeholders who are affected or may be 1. Call Center (+66)2-483-8888 or 1455
The Company places great importance on effective corporate governance and
affected by the Company’s business operations or the
2. E-mail : whistleblower@muangthaicap.com
risk management by establishing an appropriate internal control system that
performance of duties by directors, executives, and
3. By mail, addressing to; covers all key organizational processes from planning, operations, and reporting
employees. These channels cover matters related to
violations of laws, the Code of Conduct, behavior indicative Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham to legal and regulatory compliance. The system is designed to promote
Chairman of Audit Committee
of fraud or corruption, breaches of policies, or unfair transparency, accuracy, and reliability in operations, as well as to prevent and
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
treatment in the workplace. In addition, the Company promptly detect any irregularities or potential risks
332/1 Jaransanitwong Road, Bangplad,
provides protection to whistleblowers, witnesses, and
Bangplad, Bangkok 10700
related persons by maintaining confidentiality, disclosing The Company regularly monitors, evaluates, and improves its internal control
4. Corruption and violation of the Company’s
information only to the extent necessary, and taking into system to ensure that business operations are conducted efficiently and in
regulations. Tel.(+66)81-751-1587
account the safety of the reporting parties. alignment with the Good Corporate Governance. In addition, implement
5. The use of customer’s personal information systematic and comprehensive internal communication to ensure that directors,
without consent from the owners.
The person involved in the damage will be mitigated executives, and employees at all levels understand the internal control policies,
Email :dpo@muangthaicap.com
through appropriate and fair procedures. measures, and procedures to aware and enhance the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control standards at the highest level of efficiency.
117 118
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
6.2 Business Code of Conduct
Human Rights and
Labor Practices Policy
The Company operates with a steadfast commitment to respecting and not
violating human rights in all business activities, covering employees, customers,
business partners, and all stakeholder groups. Beyond respecting fundamental
The Company is committed to managing
human rights, the Company prioritizes the promotion and protection of labor
and conducting its business under strict
rights, striving to implement labor practices in accordance with international
ethical principles, upholding integrity,
standards and guidelines.
transparency, and responsibility toward
society and all stakeholder groups. The
The Company adheres to and complies with internationally recognized human
Company also places importance on
rights principles, including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR),
good corporate governance principles
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), and the
and international standards in its
International Labor Organization's (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles
business operations to build confidence
and Rights at Work, as well as relevant labor laws of the Kingdom of Thailand,
among stakeholders, while fostering an
to ensure that business operations are conducted responsibly, fairly, and with
ethical culture and sustainable business
respect for human dignity in all aspects.
practices, ultimately leading to the
Company’s recognition as a leading
organization at both national and
international levels.
Occupational Health
Business Code of Conduct serves as the foundation that
and Safety Policy enables the Company to achieve its goal of providing equitable
The details of the Code of Conduct and inclusive financial opportunities. By setting guidelines that
can be learned more at the Company’s
focus on good Corporate Governance and responsible business
website, via the link:
investor.muangthaicap.com/storage/document/policies/mtc-code-of-conduct-guidelines-en.pdf practices, the Company can create value across various
investor.muangthaicap.com/
The Company’s occupational health and safety operations cover employees, dimensions. This includes building trust with stakeholders,
storage/document/policies/
contractors, and relevant stakeholders, with a focus on preventing and reducing enhancing competitiveness, and generating sustainable returns
mtc-code-of-conduct-
work-related risks, accidents, and illnesses, while promoting employee well- guidelines-en.pdf for shareholders. At the same time, it helps mitigate risks related
being and quality of life. The Company continuously develops and improves its to ethical and legal issues, which are key factors in ensuring
Or scan QR Code
management systems through policies, action plans, and performance indicators long-term and stable growth.
in compliance with applicable laws and relevant practices, including systematic
The Company communicates and disseminates its Code of
risk assessment, control, and monitoring.
Conduct through its website and the intranet system (MTCU), as
well as provides training via E-Learning as a mandatory course for
Furthermore, the Company emphasizes promoting participation and
new employees, covering 100% of them. It is required for
consultation with employees at all levels through ongoing communication,
executives and employees to review their knowledge regularly
training, and occupational health and safety awareness programs. This
every year. The Corporate Governance and Sustainability
cultivates a strong and sustainable safety culture that supports responsible
Committee is responsible for overseeing the strict adherence to
business operations and the Company's long-term sustainable growth.
the Code of Conduct, ensuring that those involved align their
actions with the principles and standards set by the Company.
119 120
Part2 Corporate Governance 6 Good Corporate Governance Policy Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Significant Changes and
6.3
The Company has established guidelines for directors,
executives, and employees to ensure that its operations Developments of
align with the principles of Code of Conduct, integrity, and
social responsibility. The Board of Directors is responsible
Corporate Governance
for setting and approving the Company’s policies to ensure
they align with the Company’s strategy. Directors must
perform their duties with integrity, impartiality, and protect
shareholders' rights while creating added value for the
business. They also oversee the performance of the Relating to Policy Reviews
Management who is responsible for managing and
overseeing the Company’s operations and must serve as a
The Board of Directors has reviewed the policies and key governance issues, such as
role model for employees in terms of ethics, transparency,
the Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Code of Conduct Guidelines, Enterprise Risk
and fairness. Employees who are essential to driving the
Management (ERM) guidelines and other relevant policies. This includes the election of
Company, must work with integrity, safeguard the
directors whose terms have expired, performance evaluations, the structure of the
Company’s interests, treat colleagues with respect, avoid
board, and the appointment of new directors. Additionally, the Board has reviewed the
conflicts of interest, and refrain from using the Company’s CG Rating results and approved improvements to key practices to enhance efficiency
assets for personal gain. They must also serve customers and address comprehensive changes in all aspects of corporate governance.
professionally, strictly adhering to the laws and the
Company’s regulations. All decisions should be made
In the Case that not yet
based on correctness, transparency, and impartiality.
applied the CG Code
The Company has established important measures to
create a culture of governance by providing a safe and
The Company has two independent directors whose tenure exceeds nine years, which
confidential channel for complaints. This allows employees is not in full compliance with the good corporate governance policy. However, the
and stakeholders to report any violations of business ethics Board of Directors has considered that such independent directors have the knowledge,
or inappropriate behavior without fear of potential competence, and are experienced in working with the Company. They are able to
repercussions. The Company places the highest priority on process understanding of the Company’s businesses and supervise strategies to
protecting whistleblowers and ensures that no action will promote its continual growth. Moreover, the two directors fully possess the qualifications
be taken that could harm individuals reporting information of independent directors required by law and the regulations of the Securities and
in good faith. Furthermore, the Company emphasizes Exchange Commission (SEC),
systematic, qualified, and verifiable oversight to ensure that
employees strictly adhere to the Code of Conduct Other Practices
guidelines. This helps in creating a credible organization
that serves as a model for Corporate Governance at the
The Company emphasizes efficient and transparent management by adhering to
international level, ensuring long-term stability.
the CG Code 2017 as a key framework for corporate governance. Various
assessment standards of social, environmental and governance performances are
also applied in its operations, including CGR, ACGS and AGM checklists, SET ESG
Ratings, FTSE Russell and S&P CSA. These demonstrate the Company's
commitment to conducting business responsibly, transparently, and sustainably in
accordance with international governance principles, continuously creating value
and building confidence among stakeholders.
121 122
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Part 2
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Structure and
Essential Information about the Board of
Directors, Sub-Committees, Executives,
Employees and Others
7.1 Corporate Governance Structure 125
7.2 127
Information of the Board of Directors
7.3 138
Information of the Sub-Committees
7.4 142
Information of the Executives
7.5 144
Information of Employees
7.6 147
Other Important Information
123 124
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
7.1 Corporate Governance
Determination of the Board
Structure of Directors Structure for
Good Corporate Governance
1. The Board of Directors consists of 7 members and all members are
in residence in Thailand. The Board consists of 4 independent
Report
directors representing 57.14%, which is more than half of all the
Communication
Board of Directors Company Secretary Board members and composed of three female directors constituting
42.85% of the Board, fully meeting the relevant qualifications as
stipulated by the SEC, the SET and applicable laws.
2. The Chairman of the Board is required to maintain independent
Nomination and Corporate Governance Risk Management Audit and distinct individuals from the Chairman of the Executive
Remuneration and Sustainability Committee Committee
Committee Committee
Committee (CEO) and the Managing Director. The Chairman of
the Board performs duties independently to ensure clarity in
responsibilities between governance policy and regular
Executive Compliance management, with clear separation of roles and responsibilities
Committee
between them.
Internal Audit
3. The Audit Committee is composed of 3 independent directors and
Chief Executive Officer
includes directors who have sufficient accounting knowledge and
experience to thoroughly review the reliability of the Company’s
financial statements, namely Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham and
Managing Director Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan
4. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is composed of
3 members encompassing 2 independent directors amounting to
two-thirds or 66.66% of all the Nomination and Remuneration
Deputy Managing Director Deputy Managing Director
Deputy Managing Director Deputy Managing Committee members and 1 non-executive director.
(senior) Director (Assistant Managing Director (Assistant Managing Director
acting as a representative) acting as a representative)
5. The Risk Management Committee is composed of 4 directors:
2 independent directors representing a half or 50% of all the Risk
Branch Affairs IT Development Risk Management Accounting Management Committee members, 1 non-executive director and
Human Resources IT Support Debt Collection Finance 1 executive director.
Treasury and Legal(Lawyer) Marketing
Investor Relations 6. The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee has
Administration Purchasing
Efficiency and comprised of 3 members: 2 independent directors representing
Building
Sustainability
two-thirds or 66.66% of all the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee members and 1 non-executive director.
7. The Executive Committee is consists of 11 members.
125 126
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
7.2 Information of the
Information of the Board of
Board of Directors Directors and the Company’s
Controllers
The Board of Directors is appointed by shareholders and is responsible for
the overall operations of the Company, including directing, approving, and
overseeing business activities in alignment with the Company’s vision and Authorized Signatory Directors
strategy. The Board is also responsible for selecting a qualified Chairman of to Bind the Company
the Executive Committee (CEO) and top executives, as well as ensuring a
proper succession plan for the CEO, Managing Director, and other top The conditions are as follows:
executives. Additionally, to ensure and strengthen balance authorities
“two of these four directors jointly signed and affixed with the Company’s seal.”
between the Board of Directors and the management properly. The
Chairman of the Board must not be the same person as the CEO or 1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong or
Managing Director, and must be an independent director. Furthermore, the 2. Mr. Parithad Petampai or
Board has also clearly defined and separated the roles and responsibilities
3. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai or
of the Board of Directors and the Management.
4. Mr. Suksit Patcharachai
Name List of the Board of Directors as of 31st December 2025 Board of Directors
Securities Holding
Name Type of Director Position
The Company stipulates policies, Code of Conduct and penalties regarding the
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Independent Director • Chairman of the Board of Directors
use of internal information and execute transactions for changes in securities
• Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
holdings (purchase/sale/transfer/receipt of transfer of securities) in the Company’s
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Executive Director • Managing Director
securities to prevent the directors, executives, and employees, along with their
3. Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham Independent Director • Chairman of the Audit Committee spouses and underage children, from leveraging undisclosed internal information
• Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
for personal gain or on behalf of others. The Company prohibits directors,
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Independent Director • Member of the Audit Committee executives, and employees from executing securities holding change transactions
• Member of the Risk Management Committee
(purchase/sale/transfer/receipt of transfer of securities) of the Company during the
• Member of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
designated blackout period, which according to the Company's policy is set at 30
5. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Non-Executive Director • Member of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee days prior to the disclosure of material financial information.
• Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
• Member of the Risk Management Committee
The Company Secretary will assume responsibility of disseminating information
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Independent Director • Chairman of the Risk Management Committee regarding the Blackout Period to the directors, executives, and all employees.
• Member of the Audit Committee
Additionally, the Company Secretary will monitor news updates and facilitate the
• Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
submission of reports on changes in securities and futures contract holdings by
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai Executive Director • Chairman of the Executive Committee
executives (Form 59-2) to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
• Member of the Risk Management Committee
In 2025, the Company did not identify any instances of the directors, executives,
and employees engaging in securities trading using internal information or
conducting trades during the Blackout Period. Directors and executives with
reporting duties must notify the Company Secretary 1 day prior to transactions.
127 128
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Independence and
The Company discloses the direct and indirect shareholdings of directors
and executives as follows:
Diversity of the Board
Report on Changes in the Company’s Shareholding of Directors and Executives in 2025
of Directors
As of 31st December 2025 As of 31st December 2024 Increase/ Shareholdings
Name Decrease
(%)
Direct (shares) Indirect (shares) Direct (shares) Indirect (shares) (shares)
The Board of Directors reviewed and provided independent opinions separate from
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong 500,000 - 500,000 - - 0.0236
Chairman of the Board of Directors / management with no conflict of interest or relationships that may significantly
Independent Director influence, or appear to influence, a director’s ability to exercise judgment or vote on
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai 720,000,000 - 720,000,000 - - 33.9623 matters within their decision-making authority. The Board must act in the best
Managing Director / Director interests of the Company and its shareholders. Additionally, the Board should refrain
from making decisions if such decisions are influenced by professional, family, or
3. Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham 800,000 - 800,000 - - 0.0377
Independent Director personal interests which could compromise decision-making impartiality or create
favoritism toward any individual, including themselves or related persons, thereby
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan - - - - - -
Independent Director maintaining ethical standards and transparency in Board operations.
5. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai 355,030,300 - 2,100 - 355,028,200 16.7467
Director and Son of the 2nd place In order to enhance the Board diversity in terms of structure, knowledge, experience,
skills, expertise, gender, age, religion, race, and nationality, the Nomination and
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak - - - - - -
Independent Director Remuneration Committee oversees the preparation and annual review of the Board
Skills Matrix. This process serves as a basis for identifying suitable candidates for the
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai 359,028,200 50,000 3,500,000 50,000 355,028,200 16.9352
Board of Directors, ensuring an optimal composition for future appointments.
CEO / Director and Son of the 2nd place
8. Mr. Surapong Pechaumpai 980,100 - 981,000 - - 0.0462
Senior Deputy Managing Director Table of the Progress Report on Variety of the Directors as Goals and
Brother-in-law of the spouse of No.2
Indicators of 2025
9. Mr. Surat Chayavoradech - - - - - -
Deputy Managing Director / CFO
Regarded Matter Goals and Indicators Progress
10. Miss Duangkhae Songnuy 1,145,000 - 1,145,000 - - 0.0540 Chairman of the Board The Chairman of the Board is required to maintain
Assistant Managing Director independent.
Chairman of the Executive Is not the same individual as the Chairman of the
11. Miss Vimonrat Nujul 504,000 - 1,145,000 - - 0.0238
Committee Board.
Assistant Managing Director
Managing Director There is a clear distinction in the roles and
12. Mr. Amnat Niamsee 115,000 - 200,000 - (85,000) 0.0054 responsibilities of the positions.
Assistant Managing Director Ratio
Regarded Matter Goals and Indicators Percentage
(person)
13. Mr. Banyat Ninsiri 20,000 - 30,000 - (10,000) 0.0009
Number of the Board A minimum of 5 directors and a maximum of 12 7 100
Debt Collection Manager
of Directors directors, depending on the scale, type and complexity
14. Mr. Niyom Rodnoi 438,000 - 438,000 - - 0.0207 of business
Deputy Branch Affairs Manager Non-Executive Director per At least two-thirds of the total number of directors 5 : 7 71.43
all Directors within the Company
15. Mr. Pradit Thongkhum 120,000 37,000 120,000 37,000 - 0.0057
Independent Directors per More than half or 50% or two-thirds of the number 4 : 7 57.14
Assistant Branch Affairs Manager
all Directors of directors of the Company
16. Mr. Songkran Iamkai 8,900 37,000 8,900 37,000 - 0.0004 Female Directors per At least 2 directors or 30% of the total number 3 : 7 42.86
Assistant Branch Affairs Manager all Directors of directors
129 130
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Board Skill Matrix Performance The Roles, Duties and
Responsibilities of the
The Board of Directors has diverse skills in alignment with the Company’s business strategy, such as loan business;
financial, banking or insurance, to enhance directors to apply such skills and knowledge to enable the Company’s Board of Directors
Board of Directors to utilize their knowledge and expertise to develop strategy and long-term business plans of the
Company to be effective on the process at most through the preparation of a table of knowledge, expertise, and
diversity in education history and experience, without any limitations on other differences. The Company stipulates that
1. Definethe Company’s vision, mission, policies, and goals. Review and
at least 1 non-executive director should possess qualifications in the financial industry, contributing to operational
approve the business direction for the Management to develop the
benefits and providing unrestricted commentary on the Company’s business strategy.
business plan, support plan, and annual budget.
2. Hold the duties and responsibility to managein compliance with the law,
Table of Skills, Knowledge, and Expertise Matrix of the Board of Directors
regulations, objectives, and Code of Conduct. This include resolutions of
shareholders’ meeting. Duties are to be carried out with integrity and due
Name of Directors
Skills, Knowledge, regard for the Company's best interests.
and Expertise Adm. Apichart Mrs. Daonapa Mrs. Kongkaew Mrs. Nongnuch Dr. Suksit Mr. Suchart Mr. Parithad
Pengsritong Patcharachai Piamduaytham Dawasuwan Patcharachai Suphayak Petampai
3. Facilitate independent discussions and feedback from the Management to
Age 76 71 72 70 44 67 43 establish the organizational direction for potential changes in the economy
Gender Male Female Female Female Male Male Male
and other external conditions.
1.Finance, Banking,
or Accounting 4. Establish an appropriate and efficient accounting and financial reporting
2.Human Resource system, along with reliable auditing. Additionally, ensure adequate and
Management
suitable internal control and internal audit systems.
3.IT and Communication
5. Monitor the Company’s performanceto align with the policy plan and
4.Lending and Insurance
budget continuously.
5.Risk Management
6.Good Corporate 6. Arrange for the preparation of the Company’s balance sheet and profit
Governance
and loss statement at the end of the accounting period, to be presented
7.Sustainable Development
to the shareholders' meeting for consideration and approval to present the
8.Legal
financial position and performance for the previous year.
9.Economics and
International Business
7. Provide a risk management policy that covers the entire operations of the
10.Digital Marketing Company and oversee the establishment of a system or process for risk
11.Negotiation
management that includes appropriate measures and controls to mitigate
12.Internal Control impacts on the Company's business.
13.Leadership
8. Establish policies on social, community, and environmental responsibility,
14.Management and
Strategy including guidelines to ensure that directors, executives, and employees
strictly adhere to them.
The Company consistently promotes annual knowledge development for its Board of Directors to strengthen corporate
9. Establish an organizational structure with the authority to appoint and
governance capabilities and enable effective strategic decision-making, in alignment with the Company's business direction
setting the scope of authority and responsibilities of the Executive
and the evolving economic and social environment.
Committee, Managing Director, or sub-committees as appropriate.
10.Evaluate performance of the CEO on an annual basis.
131 132
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
The Roles and Duties of
the Chairman of the
Authority of the Company’s Board of Board of Directors
Directors in the Approval and Operation
1. Appoint, remove, and authorize the sub-committees, the Executive The Chairman of the Board is a leader of the Board of Directors and plays a
Committee, and Managing Director. key role in overseeing the direction of the Company. The main duties can be
summarized as follows:
2. Appoint consultants or external experts in case of necessity, with
expenses borne by the Company’s expenses.
1. Supervise, monitor and ensure the efficient execution of duties by the
3. Approve loans exceeding the authority of the Executive Committee Board of Directors to attain its objectives and primary goal.
for the Company's working capital.
2. Ensure that directors are not influenced by the Management by acting as
4. Approve acceptance or cancellation of credit limits beyond the the chairman of both the Board meetings and the shareholders’ meetings.
authority of the Executive Committee. The Chairman should oversee the meetings in accordance with the
Company’s Articles of Association, the set agendas, and all relevant legal
5. Approve for establishment, merger or dissolution of the Company’s
requirements.
subsidiaries.
3. Ensure and manage key relationships between executive directors and
6. Approve for investment, the sale of investment capital in ordinary shares,
non-executive directors, as well as between the Board of Directors and
and/or any other securities exceeding the authority of the Executive
the Management.
Committee.
4. Convene a meeting of the Board, serve as the chairman of the meetings
7. Propose capital increase or decrease, change of par value, amendment of
and shareholder’s meeting, and participate in formulating meeting agendas
the Memorandum of Association, Articles of Association, and/or objectives
with the Managing Director.
of the Company to propose the shareholders’ meeting.
5. Support and encourage the performance of the Board of Directors in
8. Authorize the substitution of the Management or employees at the
achieving the Company’s determined goals. Furthermore, the Board of
Company’s executive-level substitution.
Directors should operate at with full capacity in accordance with the
9. Authorize to invite the Management or relevant person of the scope of authorities, duties and responsibilities, adhering to the principles
Company to clarify, provide opinions, attend meetings, and submit of good Corporate Governance.
the documents as deemed appropriate and/or necessary.
6. Lead and control a meeting to be effective and consistent with the
10.Appoint and dismiss the Company Secretary. Company’s Articles of Association, supporting an environment that enables
directors to freely express their opinions.
Regarding the mentioned authorities of the Board, if they are related to the
acquisition or disposition of assets and related transactions, processes of 7. Cast the deciding vote in cases where the Board of Directors has a
authority must be accordance with the notification of the Capital Market casting vote and the votes on both sides are equal.
Supervisory Board.
8. Perform any other duties as prescribed by law, specifically designated as
the responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
133 134
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
The Roles and Duties of Board of Directors
the CEO Meeting
The CEO plays a key role in both overseeing general management, which differs
from the role of the Chairman of the Board who focuses on governance without 1. The Company holds the Board's meeting not less than one meeting per
involvement in business management. a quarter, and may have special meetings as necessary. For each
meeting, a complete set of agenda items, notices, and supporting
1. Devise the Company’s goals, vision, strategies, and annual budget, including
documents is submitted to the Board of Directors at least 7 days or 5
presenting a proposal to the Board of Directors for approval.
business days in advance before a meeting. This allows the Board
2. Oversee and supervise business management and ensure alignment with the members sufficient time to study the details. The minutes of the meeting
Company’s policies, strategies, goals, budget, laws, rules, and the resolution of will be prepared and archived after being approved and for related
the Board or shareholders’ meeting. persons to review.
3. Monitor and control the Company’s performance to achieve its goal. Report on 2. The Company requires non-executive directors or independent directors
progress to the Executive Committee and the Board, while concurrently to hold a meeting among themselves at least once a year without
identifying avenues for sustainable business improvement and growth. management present, in order to freely discuss and consider strategic
matters. In 2025, one such meeting was held, and the outcomes were
4. Provide a system for accurate, complete, and timely financial reporting and
reported to the Chairman of the Executive Committee for
disclosure, along with an appropriate internal control system for the Company.
acknowledgment.
5. Manage corporate risks and consistently report on potential risks to the Audit
3. The Chairman of the Board and the CEO have to jointly regard and set
Committee.
agendas for the meetings by giving opportunities for directors and
6. Review and approve the execution and the normal business functions of the
independent directors to give opinions before filling in the agenda and
Company and its subsidiaries aligned with standard commercial practices and
sending the notice. If a director wishes to propose an agenda for the
within the budget approved by the Board.
meeting, such director can notify either the Chairman of the Board, the
CEO or the Company Secretary.
7. Ensure that all the Company’s business transaction adheres to the legal and
legislative guidelines of the SEC and SET and other policies approved by the 4. Directors must attend at least 75% of all the Board meetings throughout
Board. the year. Regarding the bare number of a quorum, it must have at least
half of the total number of directors attending to constitute a quorum.
8. Command and issue regulations and internal criteria align with the Company's
To pass a resolution, there must have been voting of at least two-thirds
policies, including ensuring that the Company has a corporate governance,
of total directors. In 2025, the attendance rate of the Board
complies with laws, Code of Conduct, and anti-corruption policies.
meetings was 90.90%.
9. Research a possibility of investment for a new project, evaluating its technique
5. Meeting minutes include date and time of the meeting's commencement
and finance, and present it to the Executive Committee or the Board for
and conclusion, a list of directors who participate and those who do
approval.
not, a summary and conclusion of the presented agendas, discussions,
10. Serve as the Company’s representative in communicating and maintaining the
and suggestions from the Board, including the Management's
relationship with stakeholders, focusing on fostering a positive and reputable
explanations, clear, sufficient and detailed resolutions of the Board.
image of the Company.
Meeting minutes are signed by the chairman of the meeting and the
Company Secretary who records the minutes. In the event that a
11. Support the Board of Directors in communication with shareholders, as well as
director has a stake in any agenda, he/she will not participate in the
disclosure of transparent and standardized information.
consideration and will abstain from voting on that agenda. The
12. Perform duties as assigned by the Board of Directors and/or sub-committees. Company Secretary will inform all directors of this matter before a
meeting begins.
135 136
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
6. Minutes of the meeting will be copied and delivered to internal 7.3 Information of the
departments and related external agencies within the specified
time, serving as reference and verifiable record. The minutes of
Sub-Committees
the meeting cannot be edited without approval from the meeting.
7. The Board of Directors a schedule of meetings for the entire year
Audit Committee
and informs the Board at the beginning of each year, allowing
them to plan their attendance, excluding special meeting agendas.
In 2025, the schedule for the Board of Directors' meetings had
Scope of Authorities and Duties
been predetermined (subject to change).
Meeting 1st meeting 2nd meeting 3rd meeting 4th meeting 5th meeting 1. Review to ensure that the Company has accurate quarterly and annual
financial reports and adequate disclosure of information.
Board of Directors 18 Feb 25 22 Apr 25 13 May 25 5 Aug 25 11 Nov 25
Audit Committee 18 Feb 25 13 May 25 5 Aug 25 11 Nov 25
2. Review that the Company’s internal control system and anti-corruption
Risk Management Committee 14 Feb 25 2 May 25 1 Aug 25 7 Nov 25 policy is appropriate and efficient and consider the independence of
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 14 Feb 25 30 Oct 25 Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham Internal Audit Department, as well as approving the appointment,
Chairman of the Audit
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 14 Feb 25 16 Dec 25 transfer, termination of employment, and assessment of the performance
Committee
Independent Director 16 Sep 25 Independent Director of the head of Internal Audit Department or other agencies responsible
for internal audit.
3. Review the Company's compliance with the Securities and Exchange
8. The Board of Directors encourages Top executives or the
Act, including requirements and laws related to the Company's business.
Management to participate in Board meetings as deemed
necessary and appropriate. This allows them to present additional
4. Consider transactions that may have conflicts of interest to comply with
useful information as a related person and to understand the
the laws and regulations of SET this is to ensure that the said
Company’s policies directly for effective implementation. This Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan transaction is reasonable and in the best interests of the Company.
practice also supports the Board’s decision-making, provides an Member of the Audit Committee
Independent Director 5. Review and consider the major risks detected with the Management,
opportunity for the Board to become familiar with top executives,
including giving suggestions for improvement.
and assists in planning future succession strategies.
6. Prepare the Audit Committee's report to be disclosed in the Company's
annual report. The report must be signed by the Chairman of the Audit
9. The Board of Directors has the right to review meeting documents
Committee.
and other critical documents. If an independent director or Audit
Committee member has any questions, other directors and the
7. Receive complaints, report clues, the act of corruption both inside and
Management must promptly and comprehensively address these Mr. Suchart Suphayak
outside which personnel of the Company involve, and investigate facts
inquiries as far as possible after the meeting. Member of the Audit Committee
as informed and present it to the Board of Directors to jointly consider
Independent Director
the punishment or solve the problem according to the anti-corruption
policy.
8. Summary of the missions of the Audit Committee to present to the
Board of Directors.
9. Perform other duties as assigned by the Board of Directors and with the
approval of the Audit Committee.
137 138
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Nomination and
Corporate Governance and
Remuneration Committee Sustainability Committee
Scope of Authorities and Duties Scope of Authorities and Duties
1. Consider and review policies, criteria, and qualifications for the nomination 1. Set goals, policies and action plans for the Sustainable Development
of Company directors and board committee members for submission to (SD) of the Company, encompassing progress towards becoming a
the Board of Directors or shareholders' meeting. High-Performance Organization (HPO) and creating long-term value for
stakeholders (Stakeholder Value Creation, SVC), including to present
2. Nominate, select, and propose suitable candidates for appointment as
Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham these to the Board of Directors.
directors upon completion of term, vacancy, or additional appointment.
Chairman of the Nomination The Chairman of the Corporate 2. Set policies on good Corporate Governance (CG) and Code of
and Remuneration Governance and Sustainability
3. Evaluate the performance of the Chief Executive Officer and submit the Conduct and present them to the Board of Directors for approval
Committee Committee
Independent Director results to the Board of Directors for consideration. Independent Director along with encouraging implementation at all levels. Regularly review,
evaluate, and report on results.
4. Establish guidelines and criteria for evaluating the performance of the
3. Encourage the Company’s operations to align with good CG policies
Board of Directors, including the determination of Board KPIs.
and sustainable development goal, along with supporting all parties to
5. Prepare criteria and policies for determining the remuneration of the Board comply effectively.
and sub-committee to propose to the Board or propose for approval at
4. Supervise the Company’s operations align with CG principles and
the shareholder’s meeting as appropriate.
Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan
international practices and regulations from regulators.
Mr. Suchart Suphayak Member of the the Corporate
Member of the Nomination 6. Set appropriate remuneration both monetary and non-monetary, for Governance and Sustainability 5. Supervise, monitor and evaluate the results of sustainable development
and Remuneration Committee Committee
individual Board member by considering duties, responsibilities, ESG
operations for balance and efficiency, report on progress to the Board
Independent Director Independent Director
performance compared to similar businesses. Proposals should be
periodically.
presented to the Board for consideration and then propose the
6. Review the goals and CG and Sustainable Development policies to be
shareholders’ meeting for approval.
appropriate and consistent with international law and
7. Responsible for the Board of Directors and responsible for providing recommendations from shareholders on an annual basis.
clarification and answering questions about remuneration for directors at
7. Review the Board of Directors charter and the Corporate Governance
the shareholders’ meeting. Mr. Suksit Patcharachai
and Sustainability Committee charter annually.
Member of the Corporate
Mr. Suksit Patcharachai
Governance and Sustainability
Member of the Nomination 8. Report on policies, principles and rationale for determining the
8. Regulate the information disclosure of Corporate Governance and
Committee
and Remuneration Committee
remuneration of directors and executives, in accordance with the
Independent Director Non-Executive Director sustainability in annual reports and sustainability reports.
regulations of the SET, by disclosing in the annual registration statement
9. Promote the good Corporate Governance culture and participation in
(56-1 One Report) of the Company.
social activities.
9. Perform other duties as assigned by the Board of Directors. The
10.Report on Corporate Governance and Sustainability progress and
Management and related departments are responsible for reporting
performance to the Board of Directors.
relevant information to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to
support its performance to achieve the assigned duties. 11.Perform other duties as assigned by the Board of Directors.
139 140
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
7.4 Information of the
Risk Management
Executives
Committee
Scope of Authorities and Duties As of 31st December 2025, the Company has 11 executives including:
Name Position
1. Establish and review a risk management policy and framework of
1. Mr. Parithad Petampai Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
the Company.
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Executive Director / Managing Director
2. Supervise and support the Company’s risk management
3. Mr. Surapong Pechaumpai Executive Director / Senior Deputy Managing Director
operations following the business strategy, goal and changing
4. Mr. Surat Chayavoradech1 Executive Director / Deputy Managing Director
Mr. Suchart Suphayak
circumstances.
5. Ms. Duangkhae Songnuy Executive Director / Assistant Managing Director
The Chairman of the Risk
Management Committee 6. Ms. Vimonrat Nujul2 Executive Director / Assistant Managing Director
3. Consider the Company’s risk management report and comment
Independent Director
7. Mr. Amnat Niamsee Executive Director / Assistant Managing Director
on possible risks, as well as provide guidelines of control
8. Mr. Banyat Ninsiri Executive Director / Debt Collection Manager
measures or mitigation plan and system development for the risk
management working group to manage the system effectively and 9. Mr. Niyom Rodnoi Executive Director / Deputy Branch Affairs Manager
continually. 10. Mr. Pradit Thongkhum Executive Director / Assistant Branch Affairs Manager
11. Mr. Songkran Eiamkai Executive Director / Assistant Branch Affairs Manager
4. Report the risk management result, factors or important events
occurring and impacting on the Company significantly. These 1 Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan
2 Chief Accounting
Member of the Risk Management must be reported to the Board for acknowledgement and
Committee
consideration as soon as possible.
Independent Director
Scope of Authorities and Duties
5. Supervise the risk management policy and scope of risk appetite
of the Executive Committee
presenting to the Board for consideration covering other risks:
strategic risks, risks from lack of liquidity, marketing risks,
1. Propose the Company’s goals, polices, business 5. Propose an organizational structure and the additional
operational risks or other matters which might significantly impact
plans, strategies and annual budget to the Board of hiring of employees not included in the approved annual
on to the Company’s operation.
Directors for approval. budget to the Board for approval.
Mr. Suksit Patcharachai 6. Supervise the organization's strategies, structures and resources
2. Guide and control the Company’s business 6. Review the Company’s profit and loss, propose the
Member of the Risk Management
utilization for risk management, following the Company’s risk
Committee operation to adhere to the approved policies, plans, payment of interim, and present the proposals to the
management policy to be effective in analyzation, assessment,
Non-Executive Director
and budget set by the Board. Board for approval.
evaluation and motoring the process of risk management.
3. Approve the regular business transactions such as 7. Appoint or hire a consultant for the Company’s internal
7. Supervise, review and provide an advice to the Board about the
administration and management to maximize efficiency.
investments as the set budget. The amount of each
risk management policy, consisting of the operational standard,
transaction must align with the authority approved 8. Authorizeindividuals to act as a substitute and under the
strategies and overall risk evaluation to ensure the strategy of risk
by the Board. supervision of the Executive Committee. Such
management applying on the operation properly.
4. Approve and amend the criteria for loan approval, authorization may beamended or revoked as deemed
Mr. Parithad Petampai
8. Perform other duties as assigned by the Board of Directors.
Member of the Risk credit limit tables, penalties, and discounts. appropriate by the Executive Committee.
Management Committee
9. Perform other duties as assigned by the Board of
Executive Director
Directors.
141 142
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Table of Approval Authority Other Benefits
Approval Authority Issue Assistant Managing Director Deputy Managing Director Managing Director Executive Committee 2025
Payment which is over the approved capital expenditure (%) - - 15 20 Remuneration Amont
Persons
(MB)
non-budgeted investments (million Baht) - - 20 40
Provident fund contributions for top executives and executive 10 0.89
Opening of new branches which is over the number - - - 20
stated in the Board-approved business plan (%) directors by the Company
Approval of petty cash disbursement over the set 15,000 15,000 Approve - Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) None
1
criteria (Baht per time) Employee Joint Investment Program (EJIP) None
Cash advance per time (Baht per time)2
• Branch/Auction center - 70,000 Approve -
• Head Office 70,000 100,000 Approve -
Disposal of damaged fixed assets (Baht per time)3 50,000 50,000 Approve - 7.5 Information of Employees
Account write-off bad debts (million Baht) - - - 10
1 In the past, the Company’s maximum petty cash disbursement did not exceed 15,000 Baht per time.
2 In the past, branches and auction centers’ maximum cash advance did not exceed 50,000 Baht per time and the Head Office’s maximum cash advance did not exceed
As of 31st December 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries have a total of
75,000 Baht per time.
3 In the past, the Company’s maximum disposal of damaged fixed assets did not exceed 50,000 Baht per time. 16,637 employees categorized into main divisions as follows:
Policy on Remuneration
Number of Employees (persons)
Department
Head Office Branch Total
of Directors and
1. The Management 7 - 7
Executive Committee
2. Branch Affairs 22 - 22
3. Credit Analysts - 14,344 14,344
The Company determines the remuneration of directors and executive directors
4. Debt Collectors - 397 397
in accordance with an appropriate remuneration policy aligned with the
5. Accounting 24 825 849
Company’s strategy and short-term objectives. Directors’ remuneration is
6. Finance 17 364 381
approved by the shareholders’ meeting upon the recommendation of the
7. IT Support 15 - 15
Nomination and Remuneration Committee, and no remuneration is paid in any
8. IT Development 21 - 21
other form.
9. Debt Collection 8 - 8
Criteria of Directors and Executive Directors Remuneration Consideration;
10. Administration 29 - 29
considering of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) i.e. net profits, operating
11. Human Resources 15 - 15
revenue, performance results, including experience, roles, and responsibilities.
12. Internal Audit 89 - 89
Board and Executive Committee member’s Remuneration Form 13. Purchasing 9 - 9
14. Company Secretary 3 - 3
Types of Remunerations
15. Treasury and Investor Relations 7 - 7
Position Meeting Benefit
Annual
Salary Allowance 16. Vehicle Auction Center - 26 26
Bonus Insurance Provident
(per meeting) Fund 17. Building 19 - 19
The Board of Directors - - -
18. Efficiency and Sustainability 16 - 16
Sub-committees - - - -
19. Compliance 3 - 3
CEO - - -
20. Maid - 376 376
Managing Director - - -
21. Driver 1 - 1
Executive - Total 305 16,332 16,637
Remark: The Company has no other forms of remuneration for the directors and executives in both
monetary and non-monetary. Remark: The employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are the same.
143 144
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Employee Compensation Structure
Number of employees
Employee (persons)
Data of employees
2025 2024 2023 Types of Remunerations
Total employees 16,637 15,929 14,873 Employees Benefit
Commission Annual
Number of female employees 1,652 1,615 1,498 Salary Fee Bonus Insurance Provident
Number of male employees 14,985 14,314 13,375 Fund
Proportion of Employees (Female: Male) 1 : 9.0 1 : 8.9 1 : 8.9 Employees at branches
Total number of employees with disabilities 5 5 6 Employees at head office -
Number of male employees with disabilities 4 4 5
Number of female employees with disabilities 1 1 1 In 2025, the Company’s employee-related expenses, including salary, commissions,
Ratio of employees with disabilities (Female : Male) 4: 1 4 : 1 4 : 1 and annual bonuses, totaling of 7,737 million baht.
Employee Compensation Payment 2025 2024
Number of employees and executives categorized by gender and age
Male employee compensation (million baht) 7,281 6,475
Employee Gender Age (years) Female employee compensation (million baht) 456 498
Nationality Total
(persons) Male Female < 30 30-40 > 40 Total employee compensation (million baht) 7,737 6,973
Top executives 4 3 - - 7 Thai 7
Employee compensation ratio, 1:1 1 :1
Executives 423 6 - 282 147 Thai 429 same position (Female : Male)
Practitioner Level
Supervisor 49 36 - 53 32 Thai 85
Provident Fund Management Policy
Senior Officer 4,761 404 1,450 3,682 33 Thai 5,165
Employees/Officers 9,748 1,203 9,517 1,183 251 Thai 10,951
The Company has established a provident fund as an employee benefit to promote
Remark Due to allocation of personnel based on the nature of the work, the Company avoids assigning female
employees of positions related to credit analysis, credit approval, and debt collection, which constitute the large financial security for its workforce. Members who have previously withdrawn from
number of employees compared to other positions, effecting the proportion of female employees is lower than
male employees. This is because such positions involve operational safety risks; accordingly, the Company the fund are permitted to rejoin in accordance with the stipulated criteria. For
places primary importance on employee safety.
employees who are not enrolled in the provident fund, the Company will arrange
Number of newly recruited employees - attritional employees their participation in the employee welfare fund as prescribed under the Labor
Protection Act B.E. 2541 (1998) and the amendments thereto, ensuring their rights
2025 2024 2023
Item and benefits are protected in accordance with applicable law.
Number Percent Number Percent Number Percent
(persons) (persons) (persons)
Number of newly recruited employees 1,533 9.62 2,221 14.93 3,437 26.4 In addition, the Company places strong emphasis on enhancing employees’ financial
Number of attritional employees 825 5.18 1,165 7.83 1,569 12.06 literacy and savings discipline. The Company organizes educational activities
Voluntary Resignation 656 79.52 990 84.98 1,405 89.36 covering the provident fund, savings management, long-term financial planning, and
Voluntarily Resigning Male Employees 573 69.45 868 74.51 1,294 82.47 retirement preparedness. It also regularly communicates information on fund benefits
Voluntarily Resigning Female Employees 83 10.06 122 10.47 108 6.88 and available investment options to support employees in building the knowledge
Voluntary Resignation Rate 1 : 7 1 : 7 1 : 12 and understanding needed to manage their personal finances appropriately,
(Female : Male)
ultimately contributing to long-term financial security.
Evaluation of Employee Performance
Number of participating employees 2025 2024 2023
Number of participating employees 12,121 9,834 7,943
The Company is committed to fostering a culture of continuous development
through a 360-degree model for employee performance evaluation process. This Participation rate to total employees 74.22 61.74 53.41
essential tool measures various dimensions, such as loan quality, ethics, and
employees' debt management capabilities. The evaluation results enable appropriate In 2025, the Company contributed a total of 91.25 million Baht to the provident
personnel management, minimizing operational errors and customer complaints. This fund for employees (excluding top executives), with employees making an equal
approach enhances both employee and customer satisfaction, elevates service contribution. The participation rate in the provident fund accounted for 74.22%
quality standards, and ensures effective debt management. Additionally, it mitigates of the total number of employees and 76.08% of eligible employees. In addition,
financial risks, strengthens the Company's financial stability, and contributes to the the Company contributed 18.19 million Baht to the Fund for Empowerment of
long-term sustainability of the business. Persons with Disabilities.
145 146
Part2 Corporate Governance 7 Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information about the Board of Directors, Sub-Committees, Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Executives, Employees and Others
Clawback Provision Head of Internal Audit Department
The Board of Directors resolved to appoint Mr. Chaleom Inhom as Deputy Internal
The Company requires its directors, executives, and employees to comply with all
Audit Manager, who serves as the Chief Internal Audit Executive, in view of his
relevant laws, including the Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535 (1992), Section
strong understanding of the Company’s business and his appropriate knowledge,
89/7, which mandates that directors and executives perform their duties with
skills, and experience in internal auditing and internal control. The appointment,
responsibility, due care, and integrity. They must also act in accordance with the law,
removal, or transfer of the Head of the Internal Audit Department must be
the Company’s objectives, articles of association, board resolutions, and shareholder approved by the Audit Committee. (Profile and qualifications are provided in
resolutions. In cases where directors, executives, or employees fail to fulfill their Attachment No. 3)
duties as stipulated in Section 89/7, the Company reserves the right to take legal
Head of Compliance Department
action to recover any benefits gained, as permitted under Sections 89/18 and 89/19.
Mr. Kanechchan Santisombutkasam, Assistant Compliance Specialist, is responsible
In the event that it is found that an executive has failed to perform their duties with
for supervising, monitoring, and evaluating departmental performance to ensure
responsibility, due care, and integrity, the Company may seek to recover damages
compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and the Company’s rules, as well as
and benefits obtained (such as bonus) from the executive. This will be based on the
adherence to good corporate governance principles. He also provides advice to
executive's performance, which does not meet the Company's criteria and
management and employees to support proper, transparent, and accountable
regulations. The executive may also be liable for both civil and criminal penalties.
operations. (Profile and qualifications are provided in Attachment No. 3)
Head of Investor Relations and
Contact Information
7.6
Other Important Information
Contract : Mr. Kitsada Kuruchitkosol
Persons
Address : Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
332/1 Jaransanitwong Road, Bangplad,
Persons who are Directly Responsible for Bangplad, Bangkok, 10700
Accounting and Financial Supervision Tel. : (+66) 2-483-8888
E-mail : kitsada.k@muangthaicap.com
ir@muangthaicap.com
1. Mr. Surat Chayavoradech Deputy Managing Director /
Website : investor.muangthaicap.com
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
2. Ms. Vimonrat Nujul Assistant Managing Director /
Chief Accounting
Auditors of the Company and Their Remuneration
Profile and qualifications of the CFO and Chief Accounting appear on Attachment No. 1.3
At the Annual General Meeting of shareholders for 2025, a resolution was
Company Secretary
passed approving the remuneration for the auditor for the fiscal year 2025, Audit Fee
totaling an amount of 5,300,000 Baht. This includes the audit fee and fee
The auditor remuneration approved at the 2025
The Board resolved to appoint Miss Chutharat Thingkot as the secretary of the for reviewing the financial statement of the Company and its subsidiaries,
AGM was in the amount of 5,300,000 baht.
Company who possesses the necessary qualifications and received training in as well as the consolidated financial statements for each quarter.
courses related to the duties of the company secretary and/or other relevant
Non-Audit Fee
courses with skills, knowledge, and understanding of business, laws, and
1. Mr. Chokechai Ngamwutikul CPA No. 9728
various regulations. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary A special audit fee of Comfort Letter was
2. Ms. Sureerat Thongarunsang CPA No. 4409 paid in the amount of 12.50 million Baht
require approval from the Board of Directors. (Profile and qualifications appear
and tax management consultation fee was
on Attachment No. 1.4) 3. Ms. Orawan Chunhakitpaisan CPA No. 6105 paid in the amount of 0.61 million Baht.
147 148
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 2
Corporate Governance
Report on Key Performance in Corporate
Governance
8.1 Summary of the Board’s Performance of 151
Duties
8.2 164
Supervision of Subsidiaries
8.3 167
Monitoring compliance with Policies and
Corporate Governance principles
8.4 179
Legal Dispute of the Board of Directors,
Executives and Employees in 2025
8.5 180
Report of the Board of Directors’
Responsibilities for Financial Reports
8.6 181
Summary of the Operational Performance
of Sub-Committees
149 150
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Qualifications of Independent Directors
8.1 Summary of the Board’s
1. Independent directors are required to maintain ownership of voting rights not
exceeding 0.5% in the Company and its subsidiaries.*
Performance of Duties
2. They should not be appointed as a director involved in the Company operation,
employee management, or as a consultant receiving fixed salary, or controlling
person of the Company and its subsidiaries, controlling shareholders or controlling
person of the Company.*
3. They are precluded from consanguinity or legal marriage relations including parents,
spouse, siblings, children, or spouses of children, who are associated with members
Nomination of Directors of the executives, controlling shareholders, candidates for executives, or controlling
persons to the Company or its subsidiaries.
The Company has a process and procedure for nominating directors based on their
4. They should not have any connection to the business of the Company, its
qualifications, capabilities, experience, skills and understanding of business strategy to
subsidiaries or controlling persons of the Company that may compromise their
ensure continuous growth in operations. On 22nd April 2025, the resolution of the
independence or discretion. Additionally, they should not be a significant shareholder
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) approved the re-appointment of the
or controlling person over any individuals relating to the Company, its subsidiaries or
directors: Adm. Apichat Pengsritong and Dr. Suksit Patcharachai to assume their
controlling person.*
positions and office for another term. Additionally, the resolution of the Board’s meeting
No. 7/2025 appointed Mr. Parithad Petampai as a director, Chief Executive Officer and 5. They are prohibited from assuming the roles of an auditor for the Company and its
subsidiaries, a controlling shareholder or a controlling person of the Company as
Risk Management Committee member replacing Mr. Chuchat Petaumpai vacated his
well as refraining from significant shareholding, being a controlling person, or a
position. In this regard, the Board of Directors has concluded that Mr. Parithad
partner with the auditor company associated with the Company, its subsidiaries,
Petampai possesses the appropriate knowledge, skills, and experience for the role,
controlling shareholders or controlling person of the Company participates.*
maintains a strong understanding of the Company's business operations, and is well-
positioned to carry out duties effectively for the overall benefit of the Company..
6. They are prohibited from providing professional service, including legal and financial
consultation, for which remuneration exceeds 2 million baht per year from the
Qualifications of the Board of Directors Company, its subsidiaries, controlling shareholders or controlling person of the
Company and they must not have significant shareholding as well as being a
1. Possess comprehensive qualifications and are devoid of any prohibited characteristics
controlling person or a partner with such service-rendering companies.*
in accordance with the pertinent rules and laws as follows:
7. They are precluded from being appointed as a director to represent the Company’s
Public Limited Companies Act The Stock Exchange of Thailand
directors, controlling shareholders, or shareholders related to the controlling
Securities and Exchange Act Article of Association of the Company shareholders.
The Securities and Exchange Good Corporate Governance of 8. They should refrain from affiliating with any business or partnership that is similar to
Commission (SEC) the Company or competes with the Company or its subsidiaries. Additionally, they shall not hold
positions as a director involved in employee management or as a consultant
2. Possess knowledge, expertise, and experience that are advantageous and
receiving fixed salary, or holding more than 1 percent of shares with voting rights in
suitable for the Company’s business.
other companies engaged in the same business or competing with the Company
3. Demonstrating perseverance and being capable of dedicating ample time to
and its subsidiaries.
perform their responsibilities are essential. Regarding nomination of directors
9. No other conditions compromise the independence of discretion of the Company’s
and top executives that adheres to the criteria, relevant rules and regulations of
business operations.
the regulators. The qualifications include knowledge, expertise that align with
the Company’s culture, mission, vision and core value. The process of
* Unless such conditions have been terminated for a period of at least two years. However, this
nomination should be transparent and verifiable following the principles of Good provision does not apply to independent directors who previously served as a civil servant, a
Corporate Governance. consultant to the government sector, a controlling shareholder or a controlling person of the
Company.
151 152
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Meeting Attendance of
Board of Directors Development
Directors and Remuneration
Policy
Overview of Individual Director Meeting Attendance
The Company has a policy to support and facilitate the training and development of the knowledge for directors and
executives through a training program and seminar organized by leading institutes, as well as internal activities organized by
Meeting in 2025
the Company to promote the efficient corporate governance.
The Nomination The Corporate
The Risk
1. Engage and facilitate training to directors, sub- 3. Establish a program for the succession plan Name AGM The Board of The Audit and Governance and Management The Independent
committee members and the Company Secretary to development by appointing the CEO to report the (1 meeting) Directors Committee Remuneration Sustainability Committee Directors
(11 meetings) (5 meetings) Committee Committee (1 meeting)
(4 meetings)
improve and perform their duties as principles of operating results within the year to serve as (3 meetings) (4 meetings)
corporate governance periodically. information for consideration of the succession plan. 1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong 1/ 1 11/ 11 - 3 / 3 - - 1 / 1
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai 1/ 1 10/ 11 - - - - -
2. Supervise regularly reporting on the development and 4. The Company Secretary is appointed to prepare the
3. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham 1/ 1 11/ 11 5/ 5 - 4/ 4 - 1/ 1
succession plan for acknowledgement on an annual Company’s documents and to conduct new director
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan 1/ 1 11/ 11 5/ 5 - 4/ 4 - 1 / 1
basis to prepare the continuous management of orientation. This is to provide information before
5. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai 1/ 1 11/ 11 - 3 / 3 4/ 4 4 / 4 -
business. performing the duties and role in line with regulations
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak 1/ 1 11/ 11 5/ 5 3 / 3 - 4 / 4 1 / 1
and the Company’s businesses.
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai 1 - 5/ 5 - - - 1 / 1 -
(Newly Appointed - Replacement)
8. Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai 2 0/ 1 0/ 7 - - - 0 / 3 -
Table of Director Training from Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
(Vacated Director)
Name of Director Training Program
Meetings of the Board of Directors
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong • Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) Class 82/2010
• Risk Management Program for Corporate Leaders (RCL 5/2016)
• Role of the Chairman Program (RCP) Class 61/2025
Meeting Physical Meeting E-Meeting
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai • Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) Class SET/2012 Name Position Total
Attendance Rate (Meeting) (Meeting)
3. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham • Directors Certification Program (DCP) Class 157/2012
• Advanced Audit Committee Program (AACP) Class 13/2013 1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Chairman of the Board / 100% 11/ 11 9/ 9 2/ 2
• Role of Nomination and Governance Committee (RNG) Class 7/2015 Independent Director
• Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) 223/2024 2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Director 90.91% 10/ 11 9/ 9 1/ 2
• ESG Risk Mitigation: What Directors Should Know Before Risks Become a Critical
3. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham Independent Director 100% 11/ 11 9/ 9 2/ 2
Turning Point for the Organization
• The Evolving Role of Audit Committee in Fostering Trust and Transparency 4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Independent Director 100% 11/ 11 9/ 9 2/ 2
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan • Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) 137/2017 5. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Director 100% 11/ 11 9/ 9 2/ 2
• Advance Audit Committee Program (AACP) Class 26/2017
• Risk Management Program for Corporate Leaders (RCL) Class 13/2018 6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Independent Director 100% 11/ 11 9/ 9 2/ 2
• Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) 223/2024
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai 1 Director 100% 5/ 5 4/ 4 1/ 1
5. Mr. Suksit Patcharachai • Directors Certification Program (DCP) Batch 277/2019
(Newly Appointed - Replacement)
• Corporate Governance for Capital Market Intermediaries (CGI) Batch 22/2019
• Board Nomination and Compensation Program (BNCP 16/2023) 8. Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai 2 Director 0% 0/ 6 0/ 5 0/ 1
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak • Directors Certification Program (DCP) Class 72/2007 (Vacated Director)
• Audit Committee Program (ACP) Class 14/2007
• Director Diploma Examination Class 20/2007 Remark : 1 Mr. Parithad Petampai was appointed as a director and the Risk Management Committee member on 5th August 2025. His first
• Risk Management Program for Corporate Leaders (RCL 24/2021) Board of Directors meeting was on 5th August 2025. and first Risk Management Committee meeting was on 7th November 2025.
• Board Nomination and Compensation Program (BNCP 16/2023)
2 Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai was terminated from the director position effective on 5th August 2025.
• The Evolving Role of Audit Committee in Fostering Trust and Transparency
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai • Director Accreditation Program (DAP) Class 237/2025 In 2025, 11 meetings of the Board of Directors were held with attendance rate of 90.90%. The Board meetings were
held both in physical and electronic meetings, in accordance with the Emergency Decree on Electronic Meetings B.E.
All of the 7 Board members were trained about the directors’ performance: DCP and/or DAP, presenting 100%. In 2025, the
2563 (2020) and the Company's Articles of Association. The Board is responsible for regularly attending meetings
Company engaged the directors to be trained or participate in seminars and activities organized by the Company and
unless there is a necessary or reasonable cause affecting attending a meeting, the absent member shall inform the
external institutions. All the Board participated in those activities representing 100%.
Board and the Company Secretary for acknowledgement accordingly.
153 154
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
At the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 22nd April 2025, it approved
the remuneration for the Board of Directors and sub-committees with a total amount Evaluation of the Operational
of not exceeding 12,000,000 Baht (twelve million Baht) without other remunerations
both monetary and non-monetary paid to the directors. Performance of the Board of Directors
Remuneration for the Board of Directors and Sub-Committee in 2025
Monthly Remuneration Meeting Allowance Annual Bonus
Position The Board of Directors has arranged a self-evaluation annually at
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
least once a year. The evaluation is divided into 4 dimensions;
Chairman of the Board of Directors 48,000 48,000 - - 940,000 940,000
Directors 42,000 42,000 - - 680,000 680,000 Performance
Chairman of the Independent Directors - - 36,000 36,000 - - 1.) Self evaluation of the Board as a whole
Evaluation Process
Independent Directors - - 30,000 30,000 - - It is to evaluate the performance of the Board, focusing
Chairman of the Audit Committee - - 33,000 33,000 - -
its overview.
Member of the Audit Committee - - 24,000 24,000 - - 1 The Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee - - 30,000 30,000 - - 2.) Self evaluation of each sub-committee
reviews the evaluation form to
Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee - - 24,000 24,000 - -
It is to evaluate the performance of the sub-committees
Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee - - 30,000 30,000 - - be correct, complete and
which are assigned by the Board, focusing on the
Member of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee - - 24,000 24,000 - - consistent with the corporate
Chairman of the Risk Management Committee - - 30,000 30,000 - - overview of each sub-committee. governance principles.
Member of the Risk Management Committee - - 24,000 24,000 - -
3.) Self evaluation of the Board member
In 2025, the Company paid total cash remuneration to the Board of Directors, It is to evaluate the individual performance appropriately
The Company Secretary delivers
2
comprising monthly remuneration, meeting allowances, and bonuses, to 8 as a director of the Company. the form of performance
directors including the former director, totaling 10,033,000 Baht, in accordance evaluation to the Board members
4.) Self evaluation of each sub-committee member
with the Company's criteria and within the approved budget from the 2025 to assess their performance.
It is to evaluate the individual performance appropriately
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Director remuneration is calculated
based on the tenure of each director, with the following remuneration details: as a sub-committee member.
3 The Secretary of the
Nomination and Remuneration
Name 2025 (Baht) 2024 (Baht) Applying the Performance Result Committee reports the
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong 1,642,000 1,612,000 evaluation result to the
for Duty Development
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai 1,184,000 1,184,000 Nomination and Remuneration
Committee.
3. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham 1,499,000 1,406,000
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan 1,526,000 1,454,000 The evaluation is to develop the performance of the Board of
5. Mr. Suksit Patcharachai 1,448,000 1,352,000 Directors, sub-committees as well as to increase the efficiency of the
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak 1,526,000 1,478,000 Company’s operation. The evaluation criteria are calculated by 4 The Nomination and
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai 1 475,333 - Remuneration Committee
percentage of the full score which is defined as the followings:
(Newly Appointed - Replacement reports the evaluation result to
8. Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai 2 732,667 1,184,000 the Board to acknowledge and
(Vacated Director)
to improve the performance to
Score (%) Level
Remark 1 Mr. Parithad Petampai was appointed as a director and the Risk Management Committee member on 5th be more effective and efficient.
August 2025. His first Board of Directors meeting was on 5th August 2025. and the first Risk
Over 85 Excellent
Management Committee meeting was on 7th November 2025
2 Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai was vacated from the director position effective on 5th August 2025.
75-84 Very Good
Proportion of Director Remuneration Dividing by Gender
65-74 Good
2025 (Baht) 2024 (Baht) 50-64 Fair
Average remuneration for female directors 4,209,000 4,044,000
Lower 50 Need improvement
Average remuneration for male directors 5,824,000 5,626,000
Remuneration ratio (female : male) 0.42 : 0.58 0.42 : 0.58
155 156
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
1. Self-Evaluation of the Board as a Whole
3.) Board meeting
Criteria and Opinion of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors must hold one meeting per a quarter. Meeting notice
1.) Structure and qualifications of the Board of Directors and supporting documents for each meeting are submitted to the Board at
least 7 days or 5 business days before a meeting. This is to engage the
The Board of Directors has diversity with skills, experiences, special
Board to have sufficient information to make a decision.
knowledge that is beneficial for the Company as well as diversity in
educational background and experiences without limiting any differences. The Board has been of the opinion that the Board meetings are on an
Independent directors must be composed of more than one-third or 50% of excellent level. In 2025, a total of 11 meetings were held with well-structured
the total number of directors. agendas that enabled the Board to perform its duties effectively. Meeting
schedules were provided in advance for the entire year, allowing directors to
The Board has been of the opinion that the structure and qualifications of
allocate their time accordingly. The meeting environment fostered
the Board are on an excellent level. The proportion of directors is
constructive discussions. Furthermore, any directors with conflicts of interest
appropriate and consistent with the nature of business of the Company. At
did not participate in decision-making on related agenda items.
the moment, the number of independent directors are comprised of 4
directors of the total of 7 Board members, representing 57.14%. In addition, 4.) Relationship with the Management
the Chairman of the Board is not the same person as the CEO and
The relationship between the Board and the Management must be
Managing Director in order to have a clear division of duties and operation.
properly regulated, ensuring that the Company's operations align with its
goals, strategies, and principles of good CG. The Board is responsible for
defining the Company's vision, policies, and key strategies, while the
2.) Roles, duties, and responsibilities of the Board of Directors Management perform duties as assigned plans efficiently. Additionally, the
Board has regularly monitored and evaluated the Management's
The Board of Directors has the duty of approving and reviewing the
performance on an annual basis.
Company’s corporate governance policies, including appointing, removing,
The Board has been of the opinion that the relationship between the
authority granting to the sub-committees or the Executives Committee for
Board and the Management is on an excellent level. The Board has
the efficiency of the Company’s operations in accordance with the good
enabled straightforward discussion with the Managing Director and/or
corporate governance principle and compliance with prescribed laws.
Management. Moreover, the Board has not intervened in the
Meanwhile, it must review to prevent the conflict of interests and the
Management’s performance.
internal control system regularly to ensure that there is an effective internal
control system with appropriate risk management including monitoring and
5.) Self development of the Board of Directors
regulating the performance of the Executive Committee that is in
The Board must continuously develop their performance to enhance the
accordance with the policies as assigned by the Board.
ability to oversee and manage the Company effectively, as well as to
The Board has been of the opinion that the roles, duties, and appropriately adapt to changes in the business environment, regulations,
responsibilities of directors are on an excellent level. The Board has and industry trends.
recognized the importance and had sufficient time to consider important
The Board of Directors has concluded that self development of directors is
matters relating to the strategic direction and the Company’s business
on an excellent level. The Board has sufficient understanding of roles, duties
plan, reviewing and approving the Company’s Corporate Governance
and responsibilities of being a director and the business of the Company
policies as well as monitoring the compliance with the policies strictly.
which will ensure the efficient performance of the Board. The Board
members have been trained with associated institutions for understanding to
perform their duties annually.
157 158
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
2. Self-Evaluation of Each Sub-committee
3.) Sub-Committee’s Meeting
Self-Evaluation Criteria and Opinion of Each Sub-Committees
The sub-committees have concluded that meetings of each sub-committee are on
an excellent level. Each sub-committee has held meetings throughout the year in an
1.) Structure and Qualifications of Sub-committee
appropriate manner. The sub-committees’ meetings for 2025 are summarized as
The sub-committees have concluded that it has the diversity of understandings follows: the Audit Committee 5 meetings, the Nomination and Remuneration
and experiences, sufficient for the duty performance, including the proper number Committee 3 meetings, the Risk Management Committee 4 meetings, the Corporate
of each sub-committee for the Company’s business. Furthermore, each sub- Governance and Sustainability Committee 4 meetings. Furthermore, the Chairman of
committee has been responsible for different roles and duties as appropriateness each sub-committee created the meeting environment and engaged in discussing
to ensure the business operation management of the Company with efficiency. and expressing opinions creatively and not to be interfered by any parties.
2.) Roles, Duties, and Responsibilities of Sub-committee
3. Self-Evaluation of the Board Member
The sub-committees have concluded that the roles, duties, and
responsibilities are on an excellent level. The results of the sub- The Board has annually evaluated the Board’s individual performance
committees’ performance are summarized as follows: and the evaluation result has been applied for the performance
development for each member to be more efficient. The evaluation
The Audit Committee; responsible for reviewing financial
criteria are divided into 3 topics; 1) structure and qualifications of the
statements to ensure the correction, reliance, and governance
Board, 2) the Board’s meeting and 3) roles, duties, and responsibilities
of internal audit. This is to establish the internal audit system to
of the Board.
be appropriate and efficient and to regulate the Company to
practice the regulations of the Securities and Exchange Act and
In 2025, based on the annual individual director performance evaluation
relevant laws as well as proposing appointment of auditors and
results, the Board concluded that all directors possess appropriate
domination of audit fee appropriately.
knowledge, capabilities, and qualifications, and fulfill their roles and
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee; responsible responsibilities comprehensively and effectively.
for prescribing criteria for director domination, considering a
well-qualified person to serve as a director and to dominate the
4. Self-Evaluation of the Sub-
director remuneration as appropriateness and within the credit
Committee’s Member
limit approved by the shareholders.
The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee;
The Board has annually arranged the evaluation for individual
responsible for regulating, monitoring, and assessing
performance of each sub-committee member and the evaluation result
performance following the good corporate governance principles
has been applied for the performance development for each member to
to ensure compliance with prescribed laws, regulations, and
be more efficient. The evaluation criteria are divided into 3 topics; 1)
sustainability frameworks.
structure and qualifications of the sub-committee, 2) sub-committee’s
The Risk Management Committee; responsible for regulating meeting and 3) roles, duties, and responsibilities of the sub-committee.
and reviewing the Company’s overall risk management,
In 2025, based on the annual individual sub-committee member
including strategies for risk management and reporting the risk
performance evaluation results, the Board concluded that all sub-
management result to the Audit Committee to propose to the
committee members possess appropriate knowledge, capabilities, and
Board on a quarter basis. This is to ensure the efficiency of the
qualifications, and fulfill their roles and responsibilities comprehensively
risk management suitable for the business and not to affect the
and effectively.
stakeholders.
159 160
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Performance Evaluation of the Chairman Terms of Directorship
of the Executive Committee (CEO)
The office term of the director is in accordance with the Public Limited Company
The Board has annually arranged the performance evaluation of the Chairman of the
Act B.E.2535 (1992). At every Annual General Meeting of shareholders, directors
Executive Committee (CEO) at least once a year on relevant topics based on the
who have been in office for the longest must retire by rotation to be one-third of
evaluation guideline provided by the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) as follows:
the total number of directors but can be re-elected. However, if the number of
directors cannot be divided into three parts, then the number closest to one-third
Leadership Relationship with the Board Knowledge of product and service
Strategy set up of Directors Risk management and internal will be used. A director who vacates office by rotation may be re-elected. As for
Relationship with outsiders independent directors, their term of office is not more than nine consecutive
Strategy implementation control
Financial planning and Operational management and Corporate Governance years from the date the Company is listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand. In
performance relationship with employees Personal the case of appointing such an independent director to remain in office, the
Succession plan Characteristics Board of Directors shall clarify the reasons and the performance to shareholders
in support of their decision.
Report of the Board of Director’s and Sub-Committees’
In 2025, There were 4 directors who have been held more than 9 years
Performance Evaluation of 2025
performing the duty as a director, consisting of 2 independent directors and 2
executive directors.
Self Evaluation Form of the Board of Directors and Sub-committees
As a Whole Individual
Date of Director Years of being
The Board of Directors Sub-Committee The Board of Directors Sub-Committee Name Type of Director
Appointment a Director1
5 sections 3 sections
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong • Chairman of the BOD 12th September 2012 11 years
1.) Structure and Qualification 1.) Structure and Qualification of the Board of • Independent Director 3 months
of the Board of Directors Directors or Sub-committees • Continuing director (Full term of directorship and
2.) Roles, Duties, and Responsibilities 2.) Roles, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Board being re-appointed as a director)
of the Board of Directors of Directors or Sub-committees 2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai • Executive Director 12th September 2012 11 years
3.) Board’s Meeting 3.) Board’s Meeting or Sub-committees’ Meeting • Existing director2 3 months
4.) Relationship with the Management 3. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham • Independent Director 12th September 2012 11 years
5.) Self-Development the • Existing director 2 3 months
Board of Directors
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan • Independent Director 29th March 2017 7 years
Performance Evaluation Result of the Directors for 2025 • Existing director2 9 months
Score Average Level 5. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai • Non-Executive Director 18th April 2019 6 years
• Continuing director (Full term of directorship and 8 months
The Board of Directors as a whole 99.05 Excellent
being re-appointed as a director)
Sub-Committees
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak • Independent Director 17th August 2020 5 years
Audit Committee 100.00 Excellent
• Existing director 2 4 months
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 100.00 Excellent
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai • Executive Director 5th August 2025 4 months
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 100.00 Excellent
• Newly Appointed - Replacement
Risk Management Committee 100.00 Excellent
8. . Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai • Executive Director 12th September 2012 10 years
The Board of Directors for Individual 99.36 Excellent
• Vacated Director (Vacated from directorship 10 months
Sub-Committee for Individual on 5th August 2025)
Audit Committee 100.00 Excellent
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 100.00 Excellent Remark 1 Years of Directorship are calculated from the date the Company was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand on 27th November 2014.
2 Existing directors: Directors serving the full fiscal year without mid-year resignation
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 100.00 Excellent
Risk Management Committee 99.04 Excellent
161 162
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Holding a Director Position in
8.2 Supervision of
Other Listed Companies
Subsidiaries
1. The Board supervises that each director is able to be a director in other
listed companies (the Company included) in spite of not being more than
5 listed companies (including as a CEO and a senior executive). In
addition, such policy ensures that the directors must perform their
responsibilities and duties efficiently and devote their time to being the
directors of the Company thoroughly.
2. The Board members shall not be a director in other companies where
The Company manages and controls the operations of its subsidiaries,
being involved in conflict of interests and effecting the performance as a
including strategic planning, policies, and goals, by appointing individuals as
director of the Company.
directors or executives of the subsidiaries. This is for maintaining the benefits
of the Company’s investments. The Company arranges for annual audits of
3. In the case that the CEO and a top executive of the Company is a
the subsidiaries’ operations and regularly reports to the Audit Committee as
director in other companies besides the Company’s subsidiaries, approval
prescribed by laws and the Company’s Articles of Association.
and operational process must be followed by the procedures of approval
authority approved by the Board.
4. The Board members shall not belong to any business or partnership nor
be a director that is similar to or competing with the Company or its The Company has a policy for the supervision of its
subsidiaries. subsidiaries’ operation following the measures, mechanisms,
and relevant laws, including announcements and regulations
of the CMSB, SEC, and SET. Therefore, the Company
Name of Director Type of Director Proportion of appoints representatives as directors of the subsidiaries
Listed Companies
according to the proportion of shareholding in each company
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Independent Director 1 company to ensure their operations following laws and the Company’s
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Executive Director None policies.
3. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham Independent Director 2 companies
Any related transaction or transaction involving a potential
4. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Independent Director None conflict of interest entered into by a subsidiary must be
reviewed and approved by the Company’s Board of Directors
5. Mr. Suksit Patcharachai Non-Executive Director None
or the relevant committee in accordance with applicable
6. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Independent Director 3 companies
regulations. Interested directors or executives shall abstain
7. Mr. Parithad Petampai Executive Director None from the consideration and approval of such transactions.
Directors or executives must be listed in the EDS info (White
List) and have no untrustworthy characteristics as announced
In 2025, none of the directors held the director position and performed duties
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In the
in other listed companies more than 5 companies.
case where the subsidiaries have transactions involving the
acquisition or disposal of assets, or related transactions,
approval must be obtained from the Board of Directors or the
shareholders' meeting of the Company first. Additionally,
essential information must be disclosed in full and in a timely
manner in accordance with the prescribed criteria.
163 164
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
1.11 Borrowing, lending money, granting credits, guarantees, making in legal acts that
Transactions or Operations bind the subsidiaries to bear additional financial burdens or providing financial
assistance in any other manner to other persons that are abnormal business
transactions of the subsidiaries.
of the Subsidiaries
1.12 Dissolution of the subsidiaries.
1.13 Any other transactions that an abnormal business transaction of the subsidiaries
1. Transaction or Operation that must be approved by the Board of Directors and transactions that will have a significant impact on the subsidiaries.
1.1 Appointing or nominating a person to be a director or executive in the 2. Transaction or Operation that must be approved by
subsidiaries at least in proportion to the Company’s shareholding in the the Company’s shareholders meeting
subsidiaries. The directors and executives nominated or appointed by the
2.1 In the event that the subsidiaries agree to conduct a transaction with a
Company have discretion in voting in the subsidiaries’ meetings, regarding
related person or transactions related to the acquisition or disposition of
general management and normal business operations of subsidiaries as the
assets of the subsidiaries.*
directors and executives of subsidiaries will deem appropriate for the best
interest of the Company and its subsidiaries, except, in matters where such 2.2 Increasing capital by issuing additional shares of the subsidiaries and allocating
directors and executives have special interests. shares, including registered capital reduction, which does not follow the
shareholding proportion of the shareholders as well as an abnormal business of
1.2 Consideration and approval of annual dividend payment and interim
the subsidiaries. This may result in a direct and/or indirect reduction of the
dividends (if any) of the subsidiaries.
Company’s exercise of voting rights at the shareholders’ meeting of any
1.3 Amendment to the Articles of Association of the subsidiaries, except subsidiary by more than ten percent (10%) of the total number of votes at the
significant matters under clause (1.2) shareholders’ meeting of that subsidiary. As a result, the proportion of the
1.4 In the event that the subsidiaries agree to conduct a transaction with a Company’s voting rights could decrease to less than fifty percent (50%) of the
related person or transactions related to the acquisition or disposition of total number of votes at the shareholders’ meeting of that subsidiary.
assets of the subsidiaries.
2.3 Dissolution of the subsidiaries.*
1.5 Transfer or waiver of benefits, including the waiver of claims against those
2.4 Any other transactions that are abnormal business transactions of the subsidiaries
who cause damage to the subsidiaries.
and transactions that will have a significant impact on the subsidiaries.*
1.6 Sale or transfer of the entire business or significant parts of the subsidiaries
2.5 Amendment to the Articles of Association of the subsidiaries that significantly
to others.
affects the financial position and performance, including but not limited to
1.7 Approval of annual budget of subsidiaries, including transactions which
amendments that affect the voting rights of the Company at the Board of
significantly affects the financial position and performance of the subsidiaries.*
Directors’ meeting and/or the shareholders’ meeting, or the dividend payment
of the subsidiaries, etc.
1.8 Purchase or acceptance of the business of other companies to be owned by
the subsidiaries.
* In this regard, it must be the case that when calculating the size of the transaction that the
1.9 Entering into, amending, or terminating contract related to the lease of all or subsidiaries will enter into, compared to the size of the Company (by applying the criteria for
calculating transactions as specified in the Notification of The Capital Market Supervisory Board
significant parts of the subsidiaries’ business. This also includes the
(CMSB) and the SET Board of Governors regarding acquisition and disposition of assets and/or
assignment of other persons to manage the business or the merger of the
connected transactions (case by case) shall apply mutatis mutandis) as well as following the criteria
subsidiaries with another entity. that it requires the approval of the Board of Directors.
1.10 Lease or hire-purchase of the entire businesses or assets of the subsidiaries
The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that the subsidiary has an internal control,
or the significant parts.
risk management, and fraud prevention system and establishing appropriate measures for
monitoring of related transactions, acquisition, and disposition of assets, other significant
* In this regard, it must be the case that when calculating the size of the transaction that the
transactions as well as operating results to be efficient and concise. This is to ensure the
subsidiaries will enter into, compared to the size of the Company (by applying the criteria for
calculating transactions as specified in the Notification of The Capital Market Supervisory Board performance of the subsidiaries aligning with the Company’s policies, laws, regulations, criteria
(CMSB) and the SET Board of Governors regarding acquisition and disposition of assets and/or specified by the Capital Market Supervisory Board (CMSB), the Securities and Exchange
connected transactions (case by case) shall apply mutatis mutandis) as well as following the
Commission (SEC) and the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET).
criteria that it requires the approval of the Board of Directors.
165 166
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
8. It disclosed the director and top executive remuneration policy, reflecting
8.3 Monitoring compliance
on their duties and responsibilities, including form of remuneration.
with Policies and Corporate 9. The Department of Investor Relations provided information and
communicated with investors, analysts, shareholders and general public.
Governance principles 10.It disclosed the Company’s share holding of directors and executives,
prescribing a policy in which directors and executives must report their
share trading as required by the SEC.
Disclosure and Transparency
Investor Relations
In 2025, the Company disclosed information as required by regulatory authorities
The Company appoints the Investor Relations
as follows:
Department to provide important information,
1. The Company submitted the financial reports without the conditional emphasizing the accuracy, integrity, transparency,
comments by the auditors, explanation of executives, and the annual report. and integrity of information disclosure, including
Furthermore, there have been no instances of being directed by regulators to presenting accomplishment and notifying information
restate its financial statements nor instances of delayed submission of to all institutional investors, non-controlling
quarterly or annual financial reports. shareholders, securities analysts and related parties.
2. It disclosed information in accordance with the principles of good corporate They regularly participate in the Opportunity Day
governance which includes the Company information; the mission, vision, activities of the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
values of the Company, financial information, stock information, shareholders’
information such as a list of major shareholders, investor relations calendar,
Roles and Responsibilities
shareholder meeting, SET news, news from publications, Company’s analysis,
of Investor Relations
as well as policies and strategies for sustainable development via the
Company’s website, in Thai and English correctly, completely, and timely to
The fundamental duties of investor relations are to establish
facilitate users to access information equally and it regularly improves the
and maintain the relationship between the Company and
information to be up-to-date.
investors through various activities for communication
3. It disclosed the criteria for the remuneration of directors and executives in the engagement which is the criteria for supporting shareholders’
annual report. decision. In general, the main responsibilities of investor
relations consist as follows:
4. It disclosed the Board’s responsibility for the report on its performance,
financial and auditor statement disclosed in the annual report. 1. To establish a relationship with shareholders as
appropriate, such as current shareholders, analysts and
5. It provided Management discussion and analysis (MD&A) to support the
investment analysts of securities companies, officers of
financial statement at every quarter. This is to inform investors of changes,
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the
financial status and operational results of the Company for each quarter
Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) as well as mass
besides only numeral data of financial statements. media.
6. It disclosed the audit fee and non-audit fee in the annual report.
2. The disclosure of the Company’s information thoroughly
7. It disclosed roles and duties of the Board and the sub-committees, proportion and fully notified all the institutional investors.
of meeting and attendance rate of each member in the previous years,
3. To regularly assess and develop investor relations plans
opinions on the performance as well as continual training and knowledge to achieve the goals and purposes as determined.
development of the Board in the annual report.
167 168
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Policies of the Equitable
Investor Relations Activities
Treatment of Shareholders
In 2025, the Company organized investor relations activities
focused on online communication and investor meetings via
conference calls mainly to facilitate investors' full contact and
communication with the Company. The Company normally The Company recognizes and values the equal rights of all shareholders by
arranges a quarterly session for announcing the operating providing a communication channel for investors through its Investor Relations
results to analysts, investors, and interested shareholders. Also, Department. Relevant information, documents, and shareholder rights details are also
Press Releases are published quarterly at least 4 times per published on the Company's website to facilitate easy access to the information.
year, and extra analyst meetings can be held in case significant
matters arise and open the opportunity for securities analysts,
Basic rights that shareholders and institutional shareholders should receive, the
shareholders, and institutional investors, both domestic and
Company does not commit any actions that restrict the right to vote, opportunities,
international, to meet with the Executive team. The Company
or create difficulties for shareholders to attend the meeting as follows:
organized meetings for analysts and other institutions and then The details of Investor Relations can
be learned more on its website via the 1. Not restrict the right to appoint and remove directors. Each director
announced its performance quarterly via conference call. The
link:
appointment must receive a majority vote of the shareholders attending
communication focuses on business performance and risks, investor.muangthaicap.com/en/home
investor.muangthaicap.com/en/home
the meeting and having the right to vote.
especially those related to uncontrollable external factors and
social and environmental risks. 2. Not restrict the right to approve the appointment of an independent auditor.
Or Scan QR Code
3. Not restrict the right to approve director’s remuneration both in
In this connection, the Company provides channels for monetary and non-monetary
disclosure and explanation of corporation information to ensure
4. Not restrict the right to receive sufficient, equitable information, and in
all parties have obvious, equal, accurate, complete, and prompt
a suitable form for the decision of the shareholders.
in accordance with the Investor Relations Code of Conduct to
ensure that the Investor Relations department has carried out The Board realizes the importance of the shareholder rights by encouraging
operations with fairness and nondiscrimination under the shareholders to exercise their rights and not to violate the rights of others. It
principles of good corporate governance. has supervised important matters required by law and matters that may
affect the direction of the Company’s business that must be considered
and/or approved by shareholders as an agenda at the shareholders’ meeting.
Summary of Investor Relations Activities in 2025
The AGM is set to be held annually within 120 days from the end of the
Investor Relations Activities Times fiscal year of the Company. However, if there is an urgent requirement for a
Opportunity Day 4 special agenda consideration that impacts or is related to the interests of
shareholders, it requires approval from shareholders. The Board can call an
Analysts meeting 4
EGM of shareholders on a case basis.
Meeting of providing information to investors, security analysts both domestic and 72
international, physical meeting and conference call with the executives
In 2025, the Company held the shareholders’ meetings via electrical meetings (E-
Total - 80 AGM) in accordance with the Emergency Decree on Electronic Meetings B.E.
2563 (2020), as well as announcements and guidelines from regulatory authorities
Remark : The activities also included the press release, answering questions by telephone and email relating to business operations and
and applicable laws. The meeting agenda covered fundamental consideration
business direction in the future, etc.
items as shown in the meeting invitation posted on the Company's website. The
Company did not add an agenda or change essential information on the notices
without notifying shareholders for acknowledgment in advance.
169 170
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
1. Facilitating and encouraging shareholders before the meeting of shareholders 2.3 The Board of Directors, the executives involved, scrutineers, legal advisors, a
representative from the Thai Investors Association and a volunteer for a minority of
1.1 The Company provides a channel for individual shareholders be able to present shareholders attended the meeting. The Chairman of the Board was a chairman at
matters or agenda for consideration in filling the agenda and nominate qualified the meeting, ensuring that the meeting had proceeded following laws and the
persons suitable for being elected as a director in advance during 2nd October Articles of Association of the Company as well as arranging the time for each
– 31st December 2024 and documents for exercising the mentioned rights on agenda in the notice appropriately.
the Company’s website. When the period of agenda and director nominating
proposal was terminated, it appeared that the shareholders did not 2.4 Before beginning the consideration and approval of the first agenda, The
nominate a person to be considered and selected as a director and there Company Secretary served as a secretary of the meeting to inform the number
was no agenda presented and questions submitted in advance. and proportion of shareholders attending as well as all the procedures and criteria,
including the shareholders being able to submit questions about the process and The details of supporting
1.2 The Company prepared and sent the notice for the meeting of shareholders procedure of voting. documents for the 2025
and supporting documents in order for shareholders to acknowledge the date, shareholder’s meetings can be
time, venue, and agenda of the meeting, including all information relating to 2.5 If a director had interests or was involved in a considering agenda, the Company learned more at its website via
matters that have to be decided in voting at the meeting along with the annual would inform the interest of that director on the notice. The chairman of the the link:
report in Thai and English at least 30 days prior to the AGM and to delivery meeting and/or the Company Secretary would notify attendees for https://investor.muangthaicap.com/en/document/shareholder-meetings?year=2025
https://investor.muangthaic
the mentioned documents to Thailand Securities Depository who delivered the acknowledgment before consideration/approval. Such a director who had the
ap.com/en/document/share
meeting notice by mail to shareholders 21 days in advance, ensuring sufficient interests should not attend considering that agenda.
holder-meetings?year=2025
time to study before the meeting. In the event of the Extraordinary General
2.6 The chairman at the meeting would arrange for a separate vote on each item in
Meeting of shareholders, notice and supporting documents were delivered by or Scan QR Code
the case where there are multiple items on the agenda
mail 7-14 days prior to the EGM or as appropriateness and the agendas were
separated in each matter clearly. 2.7 The Company projects its important information on the screen at the meeting as
well as providing an Investor Relations officer to answer questions from
1.3 The notice of the meeting was posted on the newspaper for 3 consecutive
shareholders. At the meeting, video broadcasts and the important information are
days and more than 7 days before the meeting day.
recorded and disclosed on the Company’s website on the next business day.
1.4 The Company provided proxy forms according to the form specified by the
2.8 The Company does not support adding an agenda and monitoring all
Ministry of Commerce and had clear explanations of the procedures for
shareholders not to add an agenda without notifying in advance, except as
granting a proxy (Proxy Form B recommended) which was downloadable on its
required by the Company Articles and Association. In 2025, the Company has
website or requesting a proxy forms by e-mail: cs@muangthaicap.com,
not been required to rearrange meeting agendas in any way.
specifying name-surname, address, and telephone number clearly. Then, the
Company documents would be delivered by mail on the next business day. 2.9 The Company disclosed the resolution of the shareholders’ meeting including the
The shareholders were able to appoint a proxy to an independent director as score within the meeting day.
clearly specified by the Company with the name and profile.
1.5 The Company provided stamp duty for shareholders who had provided a proxy 3. Facilitating and encouraging shareholders after the meeting of
form at no cost or no additional condition.
shareholders
2. Facilitating and encouraging shareholders on the meeting of shareholders 3.1 The Company effectively prepared the minutes of the shareholders’ meeting
accurately and comprehensively in Thai and English version, covering the
2.1 The Company facilitated shareholders to attend the meeting easily and steps or
importance clearly to the shareholders and general public for acknowledgement
conditions were not complicated for attending and fully exercised their right to
via news press on SET website and on the Company's website within 14 days
attend the meeting and vote. The Company has applied technology to facilitate
after the shareholders' meeting.
participation, including registration via QR code and the use of an e-Voting
system that enables fast and accurate vote counting by agenda item. 3.2 The Company disclosed the meeting broadcast on its website on the next
Shareholders are also allowed to register at least two hours prior to the business day to the shareholders and general public for transparency.
meeting. Voting options include approval, disapproval, and abstention, with one
3.3 The Company announced the balance sheet in the newspaper for 1 day, and the
minute allocated for voting on each agenda item.
dividend payment announcement was announced in the newspaper for 3
2.2 The Company engaged shareholders to maintain the rights of their benefit at consecutive days after the AGM.
the meeting by questioning, expressing opinions, suggesting and voting on
3.4 The Company arranged the quality evaluation of the shareholders’ meeting (AGM
crucial agendas that might impact the Company. In voting, each shareholder is
Checklist) to verify that the meeting had proceeded transparently and approved by
entitled to cast votes at the shareholders' meeting in proportion to the number
shareholders
of shares they hold (One Share One Vote).
171 172
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Ensuring Adherence to the Company's Compliance with
Strategy, Vision, and Mission Code of Conduct
The Company emphasizes its personnel to practice the strategies, vision, and mission of the Company and
its subsidiaries with the correct and appropriate implementation. The mentioned matters are considered and The Company supervises a Code of Conduct for directors,
approved by the Executive Committee and reviewed by the Board of Directors annually. The Management executives, and employees as a practical guide to
responsible for reporting the Company’s performance quarterly or at a meeting as appropriateness. demonstrate the commitment to transparent and ethical
business operations. The Corporate Governance and
In 2025, at the Board meeting No.8/2025 held on 16th September 2025, the business plans were approved.
Sustainability Committee is responsible for ensuring
The vision and mission were reviewed to ensure alignment with the Company's goals and business
compliance with, monitoring the implementation and
strategies for both the Company and its subsidiaries.
reporting to the Board of Directors annually. The executives
are responsible for enhancing employees to practice the
Compliance with Policies and Guidelines
Code of Conduct guidelines strictly. The Company will not
violate any laws or regulations of good Corporate
of Good Corporate Governance
Governance. In this case, if the directors, executives, or
employees violating those aforementioned principles, they
Items Operating Results in 2025 will be punished with disciplinary action. If there is any
Compliance with Code of Conduct Directors, executives, and employees acknowledged the disclosure of Code of action that is against the laws or the Company’s Code of
Conduct and strictly complied with, achieving 100%. Conduct, the issue can be reported through the
Good Corporate Governance and Risk Management Governance and Risk Management as well as strict compliance, achieving 100%. whistleblowing channels, and the complaint will be handled
Anti-Corruption Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through by the Internal Audit Department, and the process of the
MTCU, achieving 100%.
complaints will be managed respectively.
Whistleblowing and Complaint Management Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through
MTCU, achieving 100%.
Process of whistleblowing Management The Company managed all the complaints both forms from offline and online platforms,
achieving 100% covering all issues as well as reporting to the Audit Committee for
Anti-Corruption
acknowledgement on a quarterly basis.
Prevention of Conflict of Interests Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through
MTCU, achieving 100%.
Prevention of Insider Trading Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through
The Company operates the business with a firm commitment
MTCU, achieving 100%.
Personal Information Protection (PDPA) Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through to anti-corruption in all forms, establishing process for risk
MTCU, achieving 100%. management to prevent and eradicate corruption and
IT Security No data breaches involving the Company's information have been identified.
misconduct. It also supports the cultivation of an
Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through
MTCU, achieving 100%. organizational culture that adheres to honesty and ethical
AML/CTPF Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through conduct. In addition, The Company establishes mechanisms
MTCU, achieving 100%.
for monitoring performance and reporting on the Company’s
Procurement Policy The Company disseminated information to directors, executives and employees about
anti-corruption policy, as well as reporting cases of
procurement knowledge and comprehension through MTCU, achieving 100%
corruptions and providing monthly guidelines for solution to
Human Rights and Labor Practices Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through
MTCU, achieving 100%. the Internal Audit Department. This includes reporting to the
Occupational Health and Safety at Work Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through Audit Committee and the Board of Directors every quarter.
MTCU, achieving 100%. Additionally, any violation or cooperating with corruption will
Client Protection and Market Conduct Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through be subject to disciplinary action according to the Company’s
MTCU, achieving 100%.
regulations.
Responsible Lending Directors, executives, and employees signed their acknowledgement to practice through
MTCU, achieving 100%.
173 174
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Whistleblowing and Prevention of Conflict
Complaint Management of Interests
The Audit Committee has developed practical guidelines for managing conflict of
The Company provides various channels for reporting or receiving
complaints from stakeholders. The Company will strictly maintain the interests, monitoring operational performance and reporting compliance with the
confidentiality of the whistleblower or complainant and will conduct a mentioned guideline to the Board of Directors for acknowledgement at least once a
systematic investigation and follow-up to prevent any harassment or year. This is to ensure that the control system is well-established, standardized,
retaliation against the complainant. If the whistleblowing or clue is done
transparent, and aligned with good Corporate Governance principles.
with good intentions without any malicious intent to harm the Company or
related persons, the Company will compensate for reasonable damages.
The directors and executives have the responsibility to report their securities holding
The Company establishes mechanisms for monitoring performance and
as well as those of their spouse and underage children to the Securities and
reporting on whistleblowing and complaint management policy, as well as
Exchange Commission and be disclosed in the annual report. In addition, the
reporting cases of complaints and providing monthly guidelines for solution
and remedy to the Internal Audit Department. This includes reporting to the Company has prepared an interest's report of the directors and the executives in
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors every quarter. accordance with the prescribed criteria, which is submitted upon first appointment
and annually twice a year.
Whistleblowing Management in 2025
Prevention of Insider
Report and whistleblowing Number (cases) Process of Action Measure of Prevention
Corruption / fraud / bribery 0 - -
Trading
Conflict of interests 0 - -
Violation of human rights 0 - -
The Company has established a system to track performance and report on the
Infringement of intellectual property 0 - -
operational performance of prevention of insider trading to the Board of Directors
Operational safety 0 - - annually. Each year, directors, executives, and employees undergo a review of
formation technology system security, personal data, or 0 - - business ethics covering the use and protection of internal information and
customer data breach confidentiality of the Company. This includes communicating information about
Cybersecurity and phishing scam 0 - - internal data usage as a precaution to all employees, who are required to sign an
acknowledgment of their responsibilities upon joining the Company. The details are
Inaccurate financial reports/false financial 0 - -
documentation specified in the employment contract for each employee to acknowledge. Currently,
the review is conducted online, and employees can sign the acknowledgment after
Defective internal control system 0 - -
reviewing and comprehension test.
Other offenses such as breaches of Company’s rules 0 - -
The Company Secretary Department has notified directors, executives, and
and regulations, violation of duty
employees at all levels in writing regarding the blackout period prohibiting the
Consumer rights violations 0 - -
purchase/sale/transfer/receipt of transfer of securities, 30 days prior to the
Vendor rights violations 0 - - announcement of quarterly or annual financial statements and 24 hours after the
Incidents causing disputes with communities and society 0 - - announcement.
Occupational health and safety at work 0 - - There were no cases that directors, executives, or employees violated insider trading
rules or traded securities during the Company's blackout period for
purchase/sale/transfer/receipt of transfer of securities.
175 176
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Personal Information Tax Management Policy
Protection (PDPA)
Details of the Personal
Information Protection Policy the Company has established a tax management policy aligned with these
can be learned more via the governance principles, reflecting its values and practices aimed at fair and
The Company is responsible for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data
link: transparent responsibility toward all stakeholders. The Board of Directors has
in accordance with Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) B.E.2562 (2019). It is aware https://muangt h haicap.co t m/en t /priva p cy-policy s /pdpa/ ://muangthaicap.com approved the Company's tax management policy, with the Audit Committee
of the importance of the personal data security of customers, employees, vendors,
/en/privacy-policy/pdpa/ responsible for reviewing its effectiveness. Additionally, the Risk Management
and other relevant data owners. In order to prevent a breach of personal data, it
Committee oversees the determination of risk management policies and acceptable
or scan QR Code
serves as an internal control measure of the processing of personal data and as a
risk thresholds. The Company believes that strict adherence to the tax management
proactive measure for standardized personal data protection in compliance with laws
policy will enable it to achieve its sustainability goals.
and regulations of the Office of the Personal Data Protection Committee (PDPC) and
other regulators supervised by the government. This includes aligning with internal
Result of the Tax Management
policies and practices to enhance data protection with the highest efficiency.
Items 2025 2024 2023 2022
Additionally, the Company has monitored the results of the compliance and annually
Total revenue (million Baht) 30,739 27,902 24,526 20,068
reported to the Personal Data Protection Committee, the Audit Committee, and the
Board of Directors at least once a year. Profit before income tax (million Baht) 8,408 7,328 6,126 6,360
Income tax (million Baht) 1,685 1,461 1,220 1,267
Actual tax rate (percent) 20.04 19.94 19.91 19.92
Non-Infringement of
Tax rate paid in cash (percent) 20.04 19.94 19.91 19.92
Intellectual Property Policy
Currently, the entire businesses (representing 100 percent) of the Company and its subsidiaries
are conducted in Thailand and they have no income from foreign operations or overseas assets.
The Company operates the business in compliance with intellectual property laws
with a policy not to support any action that infringes intellectual property, such as
the use of pirated software. The Company’s work system must be licensed and
legally copyrighted only and employees are prohibited from installing pirated software Procurement Policy
on the Company’s computer systems. Therefore, guidelines for directors, executives,
and employees are prescribed in the Code of Conduct to ensure a comprehensive
understanding and awareness across all levels
The Company has established a procurement policy to ensure that its procurement
processes are conducted efficiently, transparently, and free from corruption. The
policy also takes into consideration economic, social, and environmental impacts
Prevention of
(ESG). Procurement activities are carried out in accordance with established
procedures and guidelines, and are conducted in a fair, reasonable, transparent,
Money Laundering
and verifiable manner to ensure that there are no conflicts of interest. The
Company places importance on environmentally friendly procurement by selecting
products and services that help reduce environmental impact, promote efficient use
The Company establishes regulations and guidelines following the ALMO’s practices
of resources, and support sustainable practices. In addition, the Company treats its
and criteria. Those are reviewed and revised to be recent regularly and to be
suppliers equitably and promotes fair competition among them, with the aim of
guidelines for personnel to achieve the set goal of the policy. All personnel are
achieving procurement outcomes that provide the greatest benefit to the Company.
required to be trained about AML/CTPF knowledge sufficiently and continuously as
the Company assigns. Hence, there are monitoring procedures and examinations on
The Company has monitored the results of the performance and reported to
customers’ bank account transactions frequently until the business relationship is
executives and the Board of Directors, at least once a year. In 2025, the Company
terminated as prescribed by law. This is to assess to ensure that customers’
invited current and new vendors to join the Thai Collective Action Against
transactions are related to their occupations and source of income as notifying to
Corruption (Thai CAC) via email, accepting the invitation to become members,
the Company.
amounting to 83 vendors, representing 24.70 percent
177 178
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
8.4 Legal Dispute of the Board 8.5 Report of the Board of
of Directors, Executives Directors’ Responsibilities
and Employees in 2025 for Financial Reports
As of 31st December 2025, the Board of Directors, executives, and employees did The Board of Directors has stipulated the preparation of the Company's financial
not involve in any news, fines, blame, or legal actions taken against them by the statements reflecting its financial position, operating results, and cash flows for the year
ended 31st December 2025, in accordance with applicable laws and the regulations set
regulators such as the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) and the Securities and
forth by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the financial reporting standards
Exchange Commission (SEC) as following matters:
established by the Federation of Accounting Professions, and the relevant notifications of
the Capital Market Supervisory Board governing the reporting and disclosure obligations of
listed companies.
1. There were no cases where independent directors / non-executive directors
resigned due to the Company’s corporate governance or the Audit Committee / The Board is well aware of the duties and responsibilities associated with being a director
Board of Independent Directors resigned collectively. of a listed company, which involves overseeing the Company’s financial statements and
those of its subsidiaries. This responsibility includes the financial information presented in
2. No violation of the issues relating to ethics and code of conduct that are a this annual report for 2025. The financial statements are prepared in accordance with
serious threat to regulations as the following matters: generally accepted accounting standards, utilizing appropriate accounting policies.
Additionally, discretion is exercised carefully and reasonably. Furthermore, important
2.1 Fraud and corruption information is adequately disclosed in the notes to the financial statements to benefit
shareholders and general investors with adequate, accurate, and transparency.
2.2 Purchase/sell assets, or purchase/sell/transfer/receive the transfer of
securities using internal information to seek for personal benefits which is
The Company has established appropriate and adequate the risk management system and
against the prevention of use of internal information policy. internal controls to reasonably ensure the accuracy and completeness of accounting
2.3 Providing or receiving services, gifts, cash, items or other benefits including records. This is done to sufficiently maintain the Company’s assets and to prevent fraud
and corruption or a materially abnormal operation.
bribes to public officials
2.4 Conflict of interests or related transactions that may give rise to
In this regard, the Board has appointed the Audit Committee composed of independent
conflicts of interest directors, to review the quality of financial reports the appropriateness and adequacy of
internal control systems, and risk management. The Audit Committee’s opinion on these
3. There were no cases in which directors or executives were subject to disciplinary
matters is presented in its performance report which is included in this annual report.
action as a result of serious misconduct under the Company’s policies and
regulations. Based on the above considerations, the Board held the opinion that the Company’s overall
internal control system was at a sufficient level, instilling reasonable confidence in the
4. There were no complaints submitted through the Company’s whistleblowing or financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ending 31st
complaint channels by external parties. December 2025. The financial position, operating results, and cash flows were accurately
presented in accordance with the relevant financial reporting standards.
(Adm. Apichart Pengsritong)
Chairman of the Board of Directors
179 180
Part2 Corporate Governance 8 Report on Key Performance in Corporate Governance Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Performance Report of the Corporate Governance
8.6 Summary of the Sub-
and Sustainability Committee
Committees’ Performance
CGC : the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
Physical E-Meeting
Name Position Atte M nd e a e n ti c n e g Rate Total Meeting (Meeting)
(Meeting)
1. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham Chairman of CGC / 100% 4/ 4 4/ 4 -
Performance Report of Independent Director
the Audit Committee
2. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Member of CGC / 100% 4/ 4 4/ 4 -
AC : the Audit Committee Independent Director
Physical E-Meeting
Name Position Meeting Total
Attendance Rate Meeting (Meeting) 3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Member of CGC /
(Meeting)
Director 100% 4/ 4 4/ 4 -
1. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham Chairman of AC / 100% 5/ 5 5/ 5 -
Independent Director
In 2025, 4 meetings of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee were held with
2. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Member of AC / 100% 5/ 5 5/ 5 -
attendance rate of 100 percent. In addition, details of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Independent Director
Committee ’s performance report appears on Attachment 5.3.
3. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Member of AC / 100% 5/ 5 5/ 5 -
Independent Director
In 2025, 5 meetings of the Audit Committee were held with attendance rate of 100 percent. Performance Report of
Details of the Audit Committee’s performance report appears on Attachment 5.1.
the Risk Management Committee
RC : the Risk Management Committee
Performance Report of Name Position Atte M nd ee a t n i c n e g Rate Total P M h e y e s t i i c n a g l E (M -M e e e e ti t n in g g )
the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Meeting)
1. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Chairman of RC / 100% 4/ 4 3/ 3 1/ 1
Independent Director
NRC : the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
2. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Member of RC / 100% 4/ 4 3/ 3 1/ 1
Physical E-Meeting Director
Name Position Meeting Total
Attendance Rate Meeting (Meeting) 3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Member of RC /
(Meeting)
Director 100% 4/ 4 3/ 3 1/ 1
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Chairman of NRC / 100% 3/ 3 3/ 3 -
Independent Director 4. Mr. Parithad Petampai 1 Member of RC /
Director 100% 1/ 1 - 1/ 1
5. Mr. ChuchatPatcharachai 2 Member of RC /
2. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Member of NRC / 100% 3/ 3 3/ 3 - Director 0% 0 / 3 0/ 3 -
Director
Remark : 1 Mr. Parithad Petampai, who was appointed as a member of the Risk Management Committee for the first time
3. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Member of NRC / on 5th August 2025, was entitled to attend 1 Risk Management Committee meeting in 2025.
Independent Director 100% 3/ 3 3/ 3 -
2 Mr. ChuchatPatcharachai, vacated from his position as a member of the Risk Management Committee
effective 5th August 2025, and was entitled to attend 3 Risk Management Committee meetings in 2025.
In 2025, 3 meetings of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee were held with an In 2025, 4 meetings of the Risk Management Committee were held with attendance rate of
attendance rate of 100 percent. Details of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s 81.25 percent. In addition, details of the Risk Management Committee’s performance report
performance report appears on Attachment 5.2. appears on Attachment 5.4.
181 182
Part2 Corporate Governance 9 Internal Control and Related Transactions Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 2
Corporate Governance
Internal Control and
Related Transactions
9.1 Internal Control Policy 186
9.2 Related Transaction 189
183 184
Part2 Corporate Governance 9 Internal Control and Related Transactions Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
9.1 Internal Control Policy
The Company gives precedence on its internal control policy to enhance effective,
transparent, and stable corporate governance. This policy supports operations in
Opinion of the Board of Directors compliance with international standards, ensuring accurate, reliable financial
reporting in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Directors,
on Internal Control
executives, and employees at all levels are responsible for adhering to and
promoting strict internal control measures. This commitment strengthens business
stability, protects stakeholders' rights, and fosters the Company's sustainable
growth.
The Board of Directors has considered and monitored to ensure that the Company
has maintained the appropriate and adequate internal control system in order to
The Board of Directors has assigned the Audit Committee to review and oversee
ensure that the Company’s operations are conducted efficiently and effectively, and
the internal control system to ensure compliance with good corporate
in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and relevant policies, as well as to
governance principles. The system is regularly reviewed and updated annually to
safeguard the assets of the Company and its shareholders.
align with legal requirements and international standards. The following policies
have been established:
The Company has established an internal control structure covering risk
1. Establish a reporting structure, define authority for decision-making, and
management, financial and accounting supervision, compliance with laws and
assign appropriate responsibilities under the supervision of the Board of
regulations, as well as appropriate segregation of duties and checks and balances.
Directors to ensure systematic operations and verification.
In addition, the internal control system has implemented measures to prevent and
safeguard the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries from misuse or without 2. Clearly define roles and responsibilities for each job position, particularly
authorization from the Management or responsible parties, through clearly defined those responsible for conducting audits and reporting internal control results,
approval and authorization limits, as well as the establishment of written policies and as well as specifying responsibility for compliance with the Company’s
operating procedures, to ensure that operations are systematic, transparent, and policies and measures.
auditable.
3. Raise awareness of internal control by training employees on the roles and
significance of the Company’s internal control system to ensure work
Based on the consideration of reports from the Management and the Internal Audit
processes to be accurate, efficient, and aligned with the Company’s policies.
Department, including follow-up on corrective actions in accordance with
recommendations, the Board of Directors has of the opinion that, as of the reporting 4. Develop an appropriate and effective internal control system, including
enhancing internal audit processes for finance and operations, monitoring
date, the Company was an appropriate and adequate internal control system, and
regulatory changes, and consistently implementing control measures.
that there were no material deficiencies that could materially affect the Company’s
operations or financial position. The Board of Directors has placed importance on the
5. Develop technology systems to support internal control, utilizing technology
continuous development and improvement of the internal control system to
for financial and operational data storage and processing to enable fast and
accommodate changes in the business environment and the Company’s future
accurate tracking and auditing, in line with current conditions.
growth.
6. The Company established monitoring and evaluation mechanisms for internal
control by defining measurable indicators to assess the effectiveness of
internal control. The assessment results must be reported to the Audit
Committee and top executives to improve and maintain the efficiency of the
internal control system, ensuring the Company can swiftly and appropriately
address any issues or deficiencies.
185 186
Part2 Corporate Governance 9 Internal Control and Related Transactions Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Internal Audit Compliance
Department Department
The Internal Audit Department performs duties independently, having a person to
be responsible for the internal audit. Assessment of effectiveness and efficiency of
The Compliance Department plays a crucial role in
internal control systems and operational performance are following the regulations,
supporting the Company’s business operations to be
internal audit standard and the ethics of the auditors. The scope of audit covers
conducted properly, transparently, and in accordance with
the branches’ performance of the Company and its subsidiaries nationwide. It
corporate governance principles. It also provides advice and
focuses on operational control to minimize risks that may negatively impact the
support to relevant departments or agencies to ensure
Company, while also providing recommendations and monitoring implementation
appropriate and continuous compliance with applicable laws,
to ensure that issues are appropriately and promptly addressed. The Internal Audit
regulations, and the Company’s internal policies. Its key
Department formulates an annual internal audit plan to be presented to the Audit
duties and responsibilities are as follows.
Committee to certify and approve the plan. The plan may be revised during the
year if there are significant new risks, including reporting the internal audit to the
1. Supervise and monitor the Company's operations to
Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.
ensure strict compliance with applicable laws, regulations,
rules, by laws, and standards, including requirements of
In addition, the appointment, transfer, and annual performance evaluation of
regulators.
the Head of Internal Audit must be approved or endorsed by the Audit
Committee. The qualifications required for the Head of Internal Audit appear 2. Monitor, assess, and communicate changes in laws,
on Attachment No. 3. regulations, and standards that may impact business
operations to enable the Management and relevant
In 2025, the Board of Directors had the resolution to appoint the outsource
departments to prepare and respond appropriately.
consultant, the leading professional organization in law, accounting, taxation,
auditing, and internal audit for assessing the quality of the Company’s 3. Establish, develop, review, and enforce compliance
internal audit. This was performed in accordance with the guidelines for policies, guidelines, and internal control measures, while
complying with the mandatory elements of the internal audit framework to promoting knowledge, understanding, and a good
practice international internal auditing. The objectives of the plan are: corporate governance culture among employees at all
levels.
1. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of the internal audit process
in accordance with international standards. 4. Regularly report compliance performance, legal risks, and
material issues to the Board of Directors and the
2. To enhance credibility and transparency in the Company’s internal
Management, providing recommendations for improving
audit operations.
internal control systems to align with relevant standards
3. To provide recommendations and guidelines for improving internal control
5. Receive, investigate, and handle complaints or cases
systems and audit processes for greater efficiency.
potentially involving non-compliance with laws and
4. To ensure that operations comply with professional standards and best
regulations by coordinating with relevant departments to
practices under the International Professional Practices Framework (IPPF)
prevent reputational damage and support sustainable
5. To improve management efficiency through appropriate internal controls business operations
that align with applicable laws and regulations.
187 188
Part2 Corporate Governance 9 Internal Control and Related Transactions Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
9.2 Related Transaction Persons possibly Value of transactions
Nature of Necessity and reasonableness
causing conflicts and (million baht)
transaction of the transaction
nature of relationship 2025 2024 2023
Accrued interest 0.00 0.10 0.16 Accrued interest as of 31st
December 2025 from MTLS loan,
Regarding the details of related transactions in 2025, the Company has made transactions totaling 2,705.48 Baht.
with persons possibly causing conflicts with the details of transaction as follows:
Muangthai Pay Later Support service 179.32 142.03 137.34 The Company provides services to
Co., Ltd. (MTPL) income MTPL, including account advisory
fees, customer service fee, internal
Persons possibly Value of transactions
Nature of Necessity and reasonableness MTPL is a subsidiary of audit fees, etc.
causing conflicts and (million baht)
nature of relationship transaction 2025 2024 2023 of the transaction the Company. Rental income 0.59 0.59 0.59 MTPL rents some space from the
The Company holds Company for use as an office with a
Muangthai Leasing Support service 76.54 67.65 63.95 The Company provides services to 99.99 percent of the total total area of 140 square meters
Insurance Broker income MTB, including accounting consulting shares sold. rental price at 350/sq.m./month.
fees, customer data service fees,
Co., Ltd. (MTB)
internal audit fees, commission fees.
MTB is a subsidiary of the Interest income 25.99 38.30 25.91 The Company provides loans to
Rental income 0.59 0.59 0.59 MTB rents some space from the
MTPL as working capital for doing
Company. Company for use as an office with a
business. The interest is charged at
The Company holds 99.99 total area of 140 square meters rental
a fixed percentage per year.
percent of the total shares price at 350/sq.m./month.
sold. Accounts receivable 2,561.64 2,008.89 1,865.66 Consists of the monthly loan
Accounts receivable 13.81 18.00 27.08 Consists of service income from receivables from MTPL.
supporting work and accrued
rental income of each month.
Accounts payable 900.84 1,036.83 870.69 The Company has an obligation to
deliver the installments. And personal
Accounts payable 53.20 33.22 37.51 MTC is obligated to submit
loan stamp duty to MTPL every month
payments on cars, motorcycles
acts and personal accident
insurance for MTB every month. Loan 375.00 625.00 875.00 The Company provides MTPL loans
Loan 1,000.00 MB for working capital as follows: Loan
Muangthai Leasing Support service 175.71 172.05 198.11 The Company provides services to
Co., Ltd. (MTLS) income MTLS, including account advisory Paid (375.00) MB a st m ar o t u e n d t o 1 n ,0 1 0 5 0 t h m J i u lli n o e n 2 B 0 a 2 h 3 t , d c u o e n t o r n ac t
fees, customer service fee, internal Remaining 625.00 MB
15th June 2027, interest rate 4.90%
MTLS is a subsidiary of audit fees, etc.
per year, payable in 16 installments.
the Company.
Rental income 0.59 0.59 0.59 MTLS rents some space from the The principal payment is made every
The Company holds 99.99 Company for use as an office with a 3 months and interest is paid every
percent of the total shares total area of 140 square meters month.
sold. rental price at 350/sq.m./month.
Interest income 5.27 15.06 24.89 The Company provides loans to Accrued interest 0.05 0.34 0.35 Accrued interest as of 31st December
MTLS as working capital for doing 2025 from MTPL loan.
business. The interest is charged at
a fixed percentage per year.
Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai Office rent 2.64 2.65 2.65 The Company has rented 8
commercial buildings and warehouses
Accounts 2,280.03 2,448.45 2,717.75 Consists of service income from
Spouse of from Mr. Chuchat Petaumpai to be
receivable supporting work, accrued rental
Mrs.Daonapa used as branch offices and car
income and car purchase
receivables for hire purchase to Patcharachai who auction centers of the Company.
MTLS of each month. serves as the Such rental fee is in accordance with
the fair rental rate appraised by
Managing Director
Accounts payable 640.12 907.80 764.20 The Company has an obligation to American Appraisal (Thailand)
remit installments, down payments Company Limited, an independent
and stamp duty of motorcycles to appraiser approved by the Securities
MTLS every month. and Exchange Commission.
Loan 25.00 237.50 487.50 The Company provides MTLS loans
for working capital interest rate
Loan 400.00 MB
3.95% per year, payable in 16
Paid (375.00) MB
installments. The principal payment
Remaining25.00 MB
is made every 3 months and interest
is paid every month.
189 190
Part2 Corporate Governance 9 Internal Control and Related Transactions Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Persons possibly Value of transactions
Nature of Necessity and reasonableness Procedure of Related
causing conflicts and (million baht)
transaction of the transaction
nature of relationship 2025 2024 2023
Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Office rent 1.96 1.97 1.68 The Company has rented 6 Transaction Approval
commercial buildings from Mrs.
Managing Director and
Daonapa Patcharachai to be used as
controlling shareholder of branch offices and storage. The rental
the Company, holding rates for buildings used as branch
33.96 percent of the total offices and storage are in accordance
number of shares sold. with the fair rental value appraised by
American Appraisal (Thailand) The Company has a policy to conduct related party transactions on a normal
Company Limited, an independent commercial basis, adhering to principles of fairness and reasonableness at prices
appraiser approved by the Securities
comparable to transactions with third parties (fair and at arm's length). Related
and Exchange Commission, For the
rental rate of the building used as the party transactions are reviewed and opined upon by the Audit Committee, external
storage of the Company’s documents
auditors, or independent experts, as appropriate, and strictly comply with the laws
is the same rate as the price the
Company has rented buildings in the and requirements of the SEC and the SET. Interested parties shall have no voting
vicinity of each other from outsiders.
rights in approving such transactions, and the Company will transparently disclose
related party transactions in the notes to the financial statements.
Mr. Wasin Dechgitvigrom Commission agent 2.39 2.39 2.42 The Company has paid the
commission agent to Mr. Wasin
A Shareholder of the Dechgitvigrom based on the number Governance and Compliance
Company, holding 0.06 of loan contracts each month at the
percent of the total shares rate the Company agreed which is a
The Board of Directors oversees that related transactions comply with the
sold as of 12th November normal business operation of the
2025. He is a younger Company as a service channel for Securities and Exchange Act, as well as the regulations and standards set by the
brother of Mrs. Daonapa the customers of the Company as Stock Exchange of Thailand and Thailand Federation of Accounting Professions.
for the commission rate paid to Mr.
Patcharachai who serves
This also includes requirements regarding disclosure of information and the
Wasin. It is an appropriate rate since
as the Managing Director.
it is the same rate that the Company acquisition or disposal of assets by the Company or its subsidiaries, ensuring
has paid to other agents.
transparency, appropriateness, and protection of all shareholder and stakeholder
Furthermore, the Company has no
policy to accept additional agents in interests.
the future.
Executives Loan Receivable (thousand (thousand (thousand This is the benefit provided by
Guidelines and Auditing
Balance brought forward baht) baht) baht) the Company to all employees,
1.) Mr. Banyat Ninsiri
as of January 1 with the same conditions that the
(an Executive Committee 0.00 50.00
executives have received, The Company conducts its related transactions in accordance with general
member and Collection Manager)
Additional borrowing 120.00 120.00 170.00 including an interest rate of 8.00
2.) Mr. Songkarn Iamkai commercial principles to ensure fairness, transparency, and alignment with
during the period percent per year.
(an Executive Committee international standards, with transaction terms and pricing comparable to those
member and Assistant Branch Repayment during 170.00 170.00 120.00
Affairs Manager, Phitsanulok the period applied to external parties. In this regard, the Audit Committee, the auditor, or
District) Outstanding balance at 0.00 0.00 50.00 independent experts are responsible for reviewing and providing opinions on the
the end of the period
appropriateness of pricing, the reasonableness of the transactions, and their
Accrued interest 3.98 3.98 2.60
potential impacts on the Company and its stakeholders, in compliance with
applicable laws and good corporate governance principles.
The role of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is responsible for providing opinions on the necessity and
appropriateness of related party transactions that are not conducted in the ordinary
course of business, particularly those that may involve conflicts of interest, to
ensure that such transactions are fair and do not cause damage to the Company.
Where necessary, the Company will appoint independent experts or the auditor to
provide additional opinions for consideration in accordance with applicable laws.
191 192
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 3
Financial
Statements
Financial Statements for the Year
Ended 31 December 2025
10.1 195
Independent Auditor’s Report
10.2 299
Financial Statements
10.3 207
Notes
193 194
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
10.1 Independent
Measurement of allowance for expected credit loss on loan receivables
Refer to Note 3 (j.1), 6.2.1, and 20 (b.1) to the consolidated and separate financial statements.
Auditor’s Report
The key audit matter How the matter was addressed in the audit
As at 31 December 2025, the Group and the My audit procedures included the following:
Company have loan receivables amounted to Baht
• understanding the loans granting, repayment
To the shareholders 179,202 million and Baht 175,693 million,
and monitoring processes including the policies
respectively, against which allowances for expected
of Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and consideration of allowance for expected
credit losses are Baht 6,515 million and Baht 6,427
credit loss;
million, respectively, and represent 89.8% of total
assets in the consolidated financial statements and • evaluating the design and implementation and
Opinion
88.1% of total assets in the separate financial operating effectiveness of key controls
I have audited the consolidated and separate financial statements of Muangthai Capital statements. surrounding the credit process;
Management estimates allowance for expected
Public Company Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and of Muangthai Capital • involving my own credit risk specialists to assess
credit loss on loan receivables measured at
model documentation, methodologies, assumptions
Public Company Limited (the “Company”), respectively, which comprise the amortised cost based on complex credit models
and mathematically theory, in order to evaluate the
consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 31 December 2025, which are dependent on significant management
appropriateness of criteria in determination of
judgements and estimates including establishment
the consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity significant increase in credit risk, staging,
of the criteria for determining whether credit risk
consideration of the forward looking macroeconomic
and cash flows for the year then ended, and notes, comprising a summary of material
has increased significantly since initial recognition,
variables including the backtesting;
accounting policies and other explanatory information. probability of default (“PD”), percentage of loss
given default (“LGD”), expected exposure at the • testing the use of a significant increase in
credit risk and staging and evaluating the
In my opinion, the accompanying consolidated and separate financial statements time of default (“EAD”), consideration of the
appropriateness of the key management
forward-looking macroeconomic variables and
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group and the
probability-weighted scenarios into the methodology in identification and estimation of
Company, respectively, as at 31 December 2025 and their financial performance and management overlay / underlay;
measurement of allowance for expected credit loss
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting and estimation of management overlay / underlay. • testing the mathematical accuracy of the
Standards (TFRSs). The loans receivables balance is material and the allowance for expected credit loss calculation
measurement of allowance for expected credit loss on loan receivables; and
involved complex calculation as well as
Basis for Opinion • considering the adequacy of disclosures of the
management judgment, I therefore considered this
financial statements.
I conducted my audit in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing (TSAs). My to be key audit matter.
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Other Information
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated and Separate Financial
Statements section of my report. I am independent of the Group and the Company in Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including Independence information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated and separate
financial statements and my auditor’s report thereon. The annual report is expected to be
Standards issued by the Federation of Accounting Profession (Code of Ethics for
made available to me after the date of this auditor's report.
Professional Accountants) that is relevant to my audit of the consolidated and separate
financial statements, and I have fulfilled my other ethical responsibilities in accordance
My opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other
with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants. I believe that the audit evidence I information and I will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
In connection with my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, my
responsibility is to read the other information identified above when it becomes available and,
Key Audit Matters
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
Key audit matters are those matters that, in my professional judgment, were of most consolidated and separate financial statements or my knowledge obtained in the audit, or
significance in my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
current period. These matters were addressed in the context of my audit of the
When I read the annual report, if I conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, I
consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in forming my opinion
am required to communicate the matter to those charged with governance and request that
thereon, and I do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. the correction be made.
195 196
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged Conclude on the appropriateness of management’s use of the going concern basis of
with Governance for the Consolidated and Separate accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty
Financial Statements exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s and
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If I conclude that a material
Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated
uncertainty exists, I am required to draw attention in my auditor’s report to the related
and separate financial statements in accordance with TFRSs, and for such internal
disclosures in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures
control as management determines is necessary to enable the preparation of
are inadequate, to modify my opinion. My conclusions are based on the audit evidence
consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
obtained up to the date of my auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
whether due to fraud or error.
cause the Group and the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, management is
Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate
responsible for assessing the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going
financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
and the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so. achieves fair presentation.
Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding
Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s and the
Company’s financial reporting process. the financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for
forming an opinion on the group financial statements. I am responsible for the direction,
supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. I
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the
remain solely responsible for my audit opinion.
Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
I communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the
My objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and
planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant
separate financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether
deficiencies in internal control that I identify during my audit.
due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes my opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit I also provide those charged with governance with a statement that I have complied with
conducted in accordance with TSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all
exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on my independence,
individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, I determine those
financial statements.
matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated and separate financial
As part of an audit in accordance with TSAs, I exercise professional judgment and
statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. I describe these
maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. I also:
matters in my auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, I determine that a matter should not be
separate financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform communicated in my report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably
audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion. The risk of not detecting
a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
(Orawan Chunhakitpaisan)
Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design
Certified Public Accountant
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
Registration No. 6105
of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s and the Company’s
internal control.
KPMG Phoomchai Audit Ltd.
Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of Bangkok
accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management. 17 February 2026
197 198
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Statement of financial position
10.2 Financial Statements
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries
As at 31 December 2025
(in Baht)
Statement of financial position Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statement s
Liabilities and equity Note 2025 2024 2025 20 24
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries
Current liabilities
As of 31 December 2025
(in Baht) Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 10 2,719,518,957 8,660,785,151 2,719,518,957 8,660,785,151
Other payables 11 2,723,578,276 2,112,430,776 2,678,175,476 2,081,793,176
Consolidated Separate Current portion of long-term borrowings from
financial statements financial statement s
financial institutions 12 9,349,083,774 14,579,402,279 9,349,083,774 14,579,402,279
Assets Note 2025 2024 2025 20 24 Current portion of debentures 13 28,786,229,184 31,535,344,331 28,786,229,184 31,535,344,331
Current portion of lease liabilities 4, 9 1,229,651,205 1,162,216,080 1,229,651,205 1,162,216,080
Current assets
Income tax payable 826,809,148 831,907,290 780,125,657 814,078,772
Cash and cash equivalents 5 4,995,363,026 3,126,343,766 4,847,699,140 2,996,623,504 Current portion of derivative liabilities 904,517,933 403,198,350 904,517,933 403,198,350
Other current liabilities 4 84,685,895 103,071,711 1,673,904,698 2,078,928,388
Current portion of loan receivables
Total current liabilities 46,624,074,372 59,388,355,968 48,121,206,884 61,315,746,527
and hire purchase receivables 6 79,987,136,224 73,455,799,752 76,648,240,032 70,418,032,969
Non-current liabilities
Other receivables - related parties 4 - - 4,855,527,995 4,475,777,453
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions 12 19,463,799,670 12,516,224,388 19,463,799,670 12,516,224,388
Short-term loans 4 277,757,367 251,964,289 277,757,367 251,964,289
Debentures 13 77,103,753,337 57,031,226,061 77,103,753,337 57,031,226,061
Current portion of long-term loans - related parties 4 - - 275,000,000 462,500,000
Lease liabilities 4, 9 4,229,165,895 4,053,711,914 4,229,165,895 4,053,711,914
Other current assets 416,075,559 276,662,822 386,949,280 237,619,527
Derivative liabilities 1,660,875,446 606,173,500 1,660,875,446 606,173,500
Total current assets 85,676,332,176 77,110,770,629 87,291,173,814 78,842,517,742 Non-current provisions for employee benefits 14 382,132,399 297,184,693 382,132,399 297,184,693
Total non-current liabilities 102,839,726,747 74,504,520,556 102,839,726,747 74,504,520,556
Non-current assets
Total liabilities 149,463,801,119 133,892,876,524 150,960,933,631 135,820,267,083
Pledged bank deposits 5 14,200,000 14,000,000 - -
Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables 6 96,617,607,005 84,674,653,551 92,644,741,008 81,322,211,091 Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
Investments in subsidiaries 7 - - 2,002,000,000 2,002,000,000
Liabilities and equity 2025 2024 2025 2024
Long-term loans - related parties 4 - - 125,000,000 400,000,000
Land, buildings and equipment 8 2,115,291,318 2,173,306,452 2,115,287,958 2,173,299,372 Equity
Share capital
Right-of-use assets 4, 9 5,410,364,514 5,165,722,218 5,410,364,514 5,165,722,218
Authorised share capital
Intangible assets 62,736,654 79,825,227 62,729,258 79,810,032
(2,120,000,000 ordinary shares, par value at
Deferred tax assets 17 1,493,225,267 1,413,184,476 1,455,632,929 1,346,730,012
Baht 1 per share) 2,120,000,000 2,120,000,000 2,120,000,000 2,120,000,000
Other non-current assets 13 992,735,708 214,588,269 992,735,708 214,588,269
Issued and paid-up share capital
Total non-current assets 106,706,160,466 93,735,280,193 104,808,491,375 92,704,360,994 (2,120,000,000 ordinary shares, par value at
Baht 1 per share) 2,120,000,000 2,120,000,000 2,120,000,000 2,120,000,000
Total assets 192,382,492,642 170,846,050,822 192,099,665,189 171,546,878,736
Share premium on ordinary shares 2,379,843,362 2,379,843,362 2,379,843,362 2,379,843,362
Retained earnings
Appropriated
Legal reserve 212,000,000 212,000,000 212,000,000 212,000,000
Unappropriated 38,931,319,003 32,764,585,481 37,151,359,038 31,538,022,836
Other components of equity (724,470,842) (523,254,545) (724,470,842) (523,254,545)
Total equity 42,918,691,523 36,953,174,298 41,138,731,558 35,726,611,653
Total liabilities and equity 192,382,492,642 170,846,050,822 192,099,665,189 171,546,878,736
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements. The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
199 200
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Statement of comprehensive income Statement of comprehensive income
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries
As at 31 December 2025 As at 31 December 2025
(in Baht)
Consolidated Separate (in Baht)
financial statements financial statements Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
Note 2025 2024 2025 2024
Profit attributable to: Note 2025 2024 2025 2024
Revenue
Owners of parent 6,723,275,308 5,867,308,463 6,169,877,988 5,521,736,825
Interest income from loans receivables and hire purchase receivables 30,009,816,452 26,956,210,885 28,799,225,268 25,835,497,893
Non-controlling interests - - - -
Fees and service income 572,167,303 780,710,897 451,392,630 652,713,523
6,723,275,308 5,867,308,463 6,169,877,988 5,521,736,825
Dividend Income 4 - - - 40,000,000
Other income 4 157,265,453 165,359,404 607,214,620 570,072,208 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of parent 6,495,517,225 5,481,574,951 5,942,119,905 5,136,003,313
Total revenue 15 30,739,249,208 27,902,281,186 29,857,832,518 27,098,283,624
Non-controlling interests - - - -
Expenses
6,495,517,225 5,481,574,951 5,942,119,905 5,136,003,313
Services and administrative expenses 4, 16 11,759,300,283 10,790,099,186 11,725,885,223 10,759,165,910
Earnings per share
Total expenses 11,759,300,283 10,790,099,186 11,725,885,223 10,759,165,910
Basic earnings per share 18 3.17 2.77 2.91 2.60
Profit from operating activities 18,979,948,925 17,112,182,000 18,131,947,295 16,339,117,714
Loss arising from derecognition of financial assets
measured at amortised cost and hire purchase receivables (1,051,020,921) (1,141,024,239) (969,383,927) (951,883,104)
Finance costs 4 (6,166,922,020) (5,141,856,674) (6,166,922,020) (5,141,856,674)
Expected credit loss 6.3 (3,353,343,757) (3,501,107,799) (3,282,412,565) (3,362,897,321)
Profit before income tax 8,408,662,227 7,328,193,288 7,713,228,783 6,882,480,615
Income tax 17 (1,685,386,919) (1,460,884,825) (1,543,350,795) (1,360,743,790)
Profit for the year 6,723,275,308 5,867,308,463 6,169,877,988 5,521,736,825
Other comprehensive income
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
(Loss) gain on cash flow hedges (251,520,371) (432,880,654) (251,520,371) (432,880,654)
Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified
subsequently to profit or loss 17 50,304,074 86,576,131 50,304,074 86,576,131
Total items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss (201,216,297) (346,304,523) (201,216,297) (346,304,523)
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
(Loss) gain on remeasurements of defined benefit plans 14 (33,177,232) (49,286,236) (33,177,232) (49,286,236)
Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified
subsequently to profit or loss 17 6,635,446 9,857,247 6,635,446 9,857,247
Total items that will not be reclassified subsequently
to profit or loss (26,541,786) (39,428,989) (26,541,786) (39,428,989)
Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax (227,758,083) (385,733,512) (227,758,083) (385,733,512)
Total comprehensive income for the year 6,495,517,225 5,481,574,951 5,942,119,905 5,136,003,313
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements. The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
201 202
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Statement of changes in equity Statement of changes in equity
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries
As of 31 December 2025 As of 31 December 2025
(in Baht) (in Baht)
Consolidated financial statements Separate financial statements
Other components Other components
Retained earnings Retained earnings
of equity of equity
Issued and Share Issued and Share
Legal Hedging Total Legal Hedging Total
Note paid-up premium on Unappropriated Note paid-up premium on Unappropriated
reserve reserve equity reserve reserve equity
share capital ordinary shares share capital ordinary shares
Year ended 31 December 2024 Year ended 31 December 2024
Balance at 1 January 2024 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 27,381,906,007 (176,950,022) 31,916,799,347 Balance at 1 January 2024 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 26,500,915,000 (176,950,022) 31,035,808,340
Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Distributions to owners of the parent Distributions to owners of the parent
Dividends 19 - - - (445,200,000) - (445,200,000) Dividends 19 - - - (445,200,000) - (445,200,000)
Total distributions to owners of the parent - - - (445,200,000) - (445,200,000) Total distributions to owners - - - (445,200,000) - (445,200,000)
Total transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity - - - (445,200,000) - (445,200,000)
Total transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity - - - (445,200,000) - (445,200,000)
Comprehensive income for the year Comprehensive income for the year
Profit for the year - - - 5,521,736,825 - 5,521,736,825
Profit for the year - - - 5,867,308,463 - 5,867,308,463
Other comprehensive income for year - - - (39,428,989) (346,304,523) (385,733,512)
Other comprehensive income for year - - - (39,428,989) (346,304,523) (385,733,512)
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 5,827,879,474 (346,304,523) 5,481,574,951 Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 5,482,307,836 (346,304,523) 5,136,003,313
Balance at 31 December 2024 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 32,764,585,481 (523,254,545) 36,953,174,298 Balance at 31 December 2024 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 31,538,022,836 (523,254,545) 35,726,611,653
(in Baht) (in Baht)
Consolidated financial statements Separate financial statements
Other components Other components
Retained earnings Retained earnings
of equity of equity
Issued and Share Issued and Share
Legal Hedging Total Legal Hedging Total
Note paid-up premium on Unappropriated Note paid-up premium on Unappropriated
reserve reserve equity reserve reserve equity
share capital ordinary shares share capital ordinary shares
Year ended 31 December 2025 Year ended 31 December 2025
Balance at 1 January 2025 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 32,764,585,481 (523,254,545) 36,953,174,298 Balance at 1 January 2025 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 31,538,022,836 (523,254,545) 35,726,611,653
Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity Transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity
Distributions to owners of the parent Distributions to owners of the parent
Dividends 19 - - - (530,000,000) - (530,000,000) Dividends 19 - - - (530,000,000) - (530,000,000)
Total distributions to owners of the parent - - - (530,000,000) - (530,000,000) Total distributions to owners - - - (530,000,000) - (530,000,000)
Total transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity - - - (530,000,000) - (530,000,000) Total transactions with owners, recorded directly in equity - - - (530,000,000) - (530,000,000)
Comprehensive income for the year
Comprehensive income for the year
Profit for the year - - - 6,723,275,308 - 6,723,275,308 Profit for the year - - - 6,169,877,988 - 6,169,877,988
Other comprehensive income for the year - - - (26,541,786) (201,216,297) (227,758,083)
Other comprehensive income for year - - - (26,541,786) (201,216,297) (227,758,083)
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 6,696,733,522 (201,216,297) 6,495,517,225 Total comprehensive income for the year - - - 6,143,336,202 (201,216,297) 5,942,119,905
Balance at 31 December 2025 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 38,931,319,003 (724,470,842) 42,918,691,523 Balance at 31 December 2025 2,120,000,000 2,379,843,362 212,000,000 37,151,359,038 (724,470,842) 41,138,731,558
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements. The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
203 204
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Statement of cash flows Statement of cash flows
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited and its Subsidiaries
As at 31 December 2025 As at 31 December 2025
(in Baht) (in Baht)
Consolidated Separate Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024 Note 2025 2024 2025 2024
Cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities
Profit before income tax 8,408,662,227 7,328,193,288 7,713,228,783 6,882,480,615 Increase in restricted bank deposits (200,000) (1,000,000) - -
Adjustments to reconcile profit before income tax to cash received (paid) Proceed from repayment of long-term loans to related parties - - 462,500,000 500,000,000
Depreciation and amortisation 1,585,094,189 1,518,487,632 1,585,082,670 1,518,472,421 Dividend received - - - 40,000,000
Loss arising from derecognition of financial assets Interest income received - - 31,649,144 53,431,815
measured at amortised cost and hire purchase receivables 1,051,020,921 1,141,024,239 969,383,927 951,883,104 Investments in subsidiaries - - - (450,000,000)
Expected credit loss 3,353,343,757 3,501,107,799 3,282,412,565 3,362,897,321 Acquisition of land, building and equipment (335,878,106) (409,123,103) (335,878,106) (409,123,103)
(Reversal of) impaiment loss of assets held for sale (631,045) (2,519,861) - - Acquisition of intangible assets (3,700,927) (35,555,231) (3,700,927) (35,555,231)
Loss (gain) on sales of land, building and equipment 7,292,629 146,101 7,292,629 146,101 Proceed from sales of land, buildings and equipment 14,742,351 13,650,657 14,742,351 13,650,657
(Gain) loss on sales of assets held for sale (10,532,685) (28,423,510) 2,158,572 2,103,756 Proceed from sales of intangible assets 237 306 237 306
Non-current provisions for employee benefits 55,212,794 41,232,115 55,212,794 41,232,115 Net cash (used in) from investing activities (325,036,445) (432,027,371) 169,312,699 (287,595,556)
Gain on lease modification (69,949,168) (64,679,104) (69,949,168) (64,679,104)
Interest income from loan receivables and hire purchase receivables (30,009,816,452) (26,956,210,885) (28,799,225,268) (25,835,497,893)
Cash flows from financing activities
Interest income received from loan receivables and
Net (repayment) proceed of short-term borrowings
hire purchase receivables 29,847,334,652 26,827,096,627 28,619,787,481 25,650,104,144
from financial institutions (6,067,705,206) (4,239,049,041) (6,067,705,206) (4,239,049,041)
Dividend income - - - (40,000,000)
Proceed from long-term borrowings from financial institutions 17,505,463,790 14,484,400,000 17,505,463,790 14,484,400,000
Other interest income (37,964,743) (26,816,599) (68,984,173) (79,666,175)
Repayment of long-term borrowings from financial institutions (15,745,026,680) (10,864,366,726) (15,745,026,680) (10,864,366,726)
Finance costs 6,166,922,020 5,141,856,674 6,166,922,020 5,141,856,674
Proceed from debentures issuance 50,413,875,310 39,666,048,947 50,413,875,310 39,666,048,947
20,345,989,096 18,420,494,516 19,463,322,832 17,531,333,079
Repayment of debentures redemption (31,903,100,000) (24,969,800,000) (31,903,100,000) (24,969,800,000)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company 19 (530,000,000) (445,200,000) (530,000,000) (445,200,000)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
Payment of lease liabilities (1,367,441,822) (1,297,248,150) (1,367,441,822) (1,297,248,150)
Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables (22,724,094,197) (24,498,790,121) (21,637,160,993) (24,256,502,438)
Interest paid (5,301,202,610) (4,347,665,792) (5,301,202,610) (4,347,665,792)
Other receivables - related parties - - (380,135,918) 133,875,403
Short-term loans - employees and related parties (25,793,078) (41,991,677) (25,793,078) (41,991,677) Net cash from financing activities 7,004,862,782 7,987,119,238 7,004,862,782 7,987,119,238
Other current assets (82,657,238) 307,280,539 (101,716,000) 267,757,900
Other non-current assets (778,161,889) (3,941,495) (778,161,889) (3,941,495) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,869,019,260 304,826,333 1,851,075,636 319,269,184
Other payables 189,030,330 124,762,083 174,265,130 135,109,382
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January 3,126,343,766 2,821,517,433 2,996,623,504 2,677,354,320
Other current liabilities (18,091,448) (12,613,954) (405,010,303) 293,398,968
Cash and cash equivalents at 31 December 5 4,995,363,026 3,126,343,766 4,847,699,140 2,996,623,504
Non-current provisions for employee benefits paid (3,442,320) (2,436,333) (3,442,320) (2,436,333)
Net cash used in operating (3,097,220,744) (5,707,236,442) (3,693,832,539) (5,943,397,211)
Non-cash transactions
Income taxes paid (1,713,586,333) (1,543,029,092) (1,629,267,306) (1,436,857,287)
Accounts payable on purchase of assets 5,429,376 16,269,447 5,429,376 16,269,447
Net cash used in operating activities (4,810,807,077) (7,250,265,534) (5,323,099,845) (7,380,254,498)
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements. The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
205 206
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
10.3 Notes to the These notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
The financial statements issued for Thai statutory and regulatory reporting purposes are prepared in the
financial statements Thai language. These English language financial statements have been prepared from the Thai language
statutory financial statements, and were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 17
February 2026.
1. General information
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated as a public company
limited and domiciled in Thailand. The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand in
Note Contents November 2014. Its registered address is 332/1 Charansanitwong Road, Bangplad, Bangplad, Bangkok.
The Company’s major shareholders during the financial year were the Patcharachai family group.
1 General information
2 Basis of preparation of the financial statements The Group is principally engaged in providing loans secured against vehicle registrations, land title deeds
loans, personal loans without collateral and nano finance under supervision as well as providing hire
3 Material accounting policies
purchase service, installment loans and insurance broker. Details of the Company’s subsidiaries as at 31
December 2025 are given in note 7.
4 Related parties
5 Cash and cash equivalents 2. Basis of preparation of the financial statements
6 Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting Standards (“TFRSs”),
7 Investments in subsidiaries guidelines promulgated by the Federation of Accounting Professions and applicable rules and
regulations of the Thai Securities and Exchange Commission. The financial statements are presented in
8 Land, buildings and equipment
Thai Baht, which is the Group’s and the Company’s functional currency. The accounting policies
9 Leases disclosed in note 3 have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements.
10 Short-term borrowings from financial institutions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with TFRSs requires management to make
judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of the Group and the Company’s
11 Other payables
accounting policies. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying
12 Long-term borrowings from financial institutions assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
prospectively.
13 Debentures
14 Non-current provisions for employee benefits 3. Material accounting policies
15 Segment information and disaggregation of revenue
(a) Basis of consolidation
16 Expenses by nature
The consolidated financial statements relate to the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as
17 Income tax the “Group”). The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial
statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.
18 Earnings per share
19 Dividends (b) Investments in subsidiaries
Investments in subsidiaries in the separate financial statements are measured at cost less allowance for
20 Financial instruments
impairment losses. Dividend income is recognised in profit or loss on the date on which the Company’s
21 Capital management right to receive payment is established.
22 Events after the reporting period
(c) Foreign currencies
Transactions in foreign currencies including non-monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currencies are translated to the respective functional currencies of each entity in the Group at exchange
rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
are translated at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities measured
at fair value in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the dates that fair value was
determined. Foreign currency differences are generally recognised in profit or loss for the period.
207 208
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(d) Cash and cash equivalents Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial
position when, and only when, the Group and the Company currently have a legally enforceable right to set
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits but exclude pledged bank
off the amounts and the Group and the Company intend either to settle them on a net basis or to realise
deposits.
the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
(e) Financial instruments (e.3) Derivatives
(e.1) Classification and measurement Derivatives are recognised at fair value and remeasured at fair value at each reporting date. The gain or loss
on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except when a derivative is
Debt securities issued by the Group and the Company are initially recognised when they are
designated as a hedging instrument which recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature
originated. Other financial assets and financial liabilities (except other receivables) are initially
of the item being hedged (see note 3 (e.4)).
recognised when the Group and the Company become a party to the contractual provisions of the
instrument, and measured at fair value plus or minus, for an item not at fair value through profit or (e.4) Hedging
loss (“FVTPL”), transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issuance.
Cash flow hedges
On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; fair value through
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes in the
other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or FVTPL. Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to
fair value of the derivative is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the hedging reserve. The effective
their initial recognition unless the Group and the Company change its business model for managing
portion that is recognised in OCI is limited to the cumulative change in fair value of the hedge item,
financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified prospectively from the
determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. Any ineffective portion is recognised
reclassification date.
immediately in profit or loss.
On initial recognition, financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost using the effective
For all hedged forecast transactions, the amount accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve is
interest method. Interest expense, foreign exchange gains and losses and any gain or loss on
reclassified to profit or loss in the same period or periods during which the hedged expected future cash
derecognition are recognised in profit or loss.
flows affect profit or loss.
Financial assets measured at amortised costs are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
If the hedge no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument is sold, expires, is
effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by expected credit losses. Interest income,
terminated or is exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge accounting
foreign exchange gains and losses, expected credit loss and any gain or loss on derecognition are
for cash flow hedges is discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in the cash flow hedging
recognised in profit or loss.
reserve remains in equity until, for a hedge of a transaction resulting in the recognition of a non-financial
item, it is included in the non-financial item’s cost on its initial recognition or, for other cash flow hedges, it
(e.2) Derecognition and offset
is reclassified to profit or loss in the same period or periods as the hedged expected future cash flows
The Group and the Company derecognise a financial asset when the contractual rights to receive the
affect profit or loss.
cash flows from the financial asset expire, or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash
If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been
flows in a transaction in which substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve are immediately reclassified to profit or loss.
asset are transferred or in which the Group and the Company neither transfers nor retains substantially
all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.
(f) Assets held for sale
The Group and the Company derecognise a financial liability when its contractual obligations are Assets held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount.
discharged or cancelled or expire. The Group and the Company also derecognise a financial liability
Gain or loss on disposal of assets held for sale is difference between the proceeds from disposal and the
when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in
carrying amount of assets held for sale, and is recognised in profit or loss.
which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value. .
Impairment losses on initial classification as held for sale and subsequent gains and losses on
The difference between the carrying amount extinguished and the consideration received or paid is
remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.
recognised in profit or loss.
209 210
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(g) Land, buildings and equipment Right-of-use asset is measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation, and adjusted for any remeasurements of
lease liability. The cost of right-of-use asset includes the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any prepaid
Land, buildings and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation.
lease payments, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of restoration costs, less any lease incentives
Cost includes capitalised borrowing costs and the costs dismantling and removing the items and received. Depreciation is charged to profit or loss on a straight-line method from the commencement date to the end
of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group and the Company by
restoring the site on which they are located. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of
the end of the lease term or the Group and the Company will exercise a purchase option. In that case the right-of-
the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis as
Differences between the proceeds from disposal and the carrying amount of land, buildings and
those of property and equipment.
equipment are recognised in profit or loss. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of all lease payments that shall be paid under the lease.
The Group and the Company use the Group and the Company’s incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease
Subsequent costs
payments to the present value. The Group and the Company determine their incremental borrowing rate by obtaining
The cost of replacing a part of an item of land, buildings and equipment is recognised in the carrying interest rates from external financing source and make certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type
amount of the item when the future economic benefits embodied within the part will flow to the Group of the asset leased.
The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when
and the Company, and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
there is a lease modification or a change in the assessment of options specified in the lease. When the lease
derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of land, buildings and equipment are recognised
liability is remeasured, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset
in profit or loss as incurred.
or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.
Depreciation
As a lessor
Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each component of At inception or on the modification of a contract, the Group and the Company allocate the consideration in the
an asset and recognised in profit or loss. No depreciation is provided on freehold land or assets under contract to each component on the basis of their relative standalone selling prices.
construction.
At lease inception, the Group and the Company consider to classify a lease that transfers substantially all of the
The estimated useful lives are as follows:
risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset to lessees as a finance lease. A lease that does
Buildings 20 and 50 years
not meet this criteria is classified as an operating lease.
Building improvements - head office building 20 - 35 years
The Group and the Company recognise finance lease receivables at the net investment of the lease, which includes
Building improvements Not more than 6 years
the present value of the lease payments, and any unguaranteed residual value, discounted using the interest rate
Furniture, fixtures, equipment and computers 5 and 10 years
Vehicles 7 years implicit in the lease. Finance lease income reflects a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s and the
Company’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.
(h) Leases
The Group and the Company recognise lease payments received under operating leases in profit or loss on a
At inception of a contract, the Group and the Company assess that a contract is, or contains, a lease
straight-line basis over the lease term as part of other income. Initial direct costs incurred in arranging an operating
when it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on the same basis
consideration.
as rental income.
As a lessee
The Group and the Company derecognise and determine impairment on the lease receivables as disclosed in note 3
At commencement or on modification of a contract, the Group and the Company allocate the (e.2) and 3 (j.1), respectively.
consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-alone prices
of each component. For the leases of property, the Group and the Company have elected not to (i) Intangible assets
separate non-lease compenents and accounted for the lease and non-lease components wholly as a
Intangible assets are measured at cost less accumulated amortisation. Subsequent expenditure is
single lease component.
capitalised only when it will generate the future economic benefits. Amortisation is calculated on a straight-
The Group and the Company recognise a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets and recognised in profit or loss.
commencement date, except for leases of low-value assets or short-term leases which are recognised
The estimated useful lives are as follows:
as an expenses on a straight-line basis over the respective lease terms.
Software licences 5 and 10 years
211 212
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(j) Impairment of financial assets and hire purchase receivables The estimate of expected cash shortfalls on a collateralised financial instrument reflects the amount
and timing of cash flows that are expected from foreclosure on the collateral less the costs of
(j.1) The impairment of loan receivables and hire purchase receivables
obtaining and selling the collateral, irrespective of whether foreclosure is probable.
Significant estimates and judgements
Cash shortfalls are discounted using the original effective interest rate on financial instrument.
The Group’s and the Company’s expected credit loss (“ECL”) calculations are based on complex
Staging
models with a series of underlying assumptions. The significant judgements and estimates in
determining expected credit loss include criteria for assessing if there has been a significant For ECL recognition, financial assets are classified in any of the below 3 stages at each reporting date
increase in credit risk and development of expected credit loss models, including the choice of by being assessed on individual basis. A financial asset can move between stages during its lifetime.
inputs relating to macroeconomic variables. The calculation of expected credit loss also involves The stages are based on changes in credit quality since initial recognition and defined as follows:
management judgement to be applied based upon counterparty information they receive from Stage 1 Financial assets that have not had a significant increase in credit risk (Performing)
various internal and external. Management judgement is also applied to determine whether any
Financial assets that have not had a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition
post-model adjustments are required for credit risk elements which are not captured by the
(i.e. no stage 2 or 3 triggers apply) at each reporting date. The allowance for ECL is 12-month ECL.
model under a “Management overlay / underlay” framework, such as identified model
12-month ECL is the portion of lifetime ECL that result from default events on a financial instrument
deficiencies, debtors’ risk and other factors.
that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date.
Measurement of ECL
Stage 2 Financial assets have a SICR (Under-performing)
Expected credit losses are computed as unbiased, probability-weighted amounts which are
determined by evaluating a range of reasonably possible outcomes, the time value of money, and When financial assets have a SICR since initial recognition, expected credit losses are recognised for
considering all reasonable and supportable information. This includes forward-looking information. possible default events over the lifetime of the financial assets. SICR is assessed by using a number of
quantitative and qualitative factors that are significant to the increase in credit risk. Financial assets
ECL are a probability-weighted estimated of credit losses. They are measured as follows:
that are more than 30 days past due and not credit-impaired will always be considered to have
– financial assets that are not credit-impaired at reporting date: as the present value of all
experienced a significant increase in credit risk.
cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the contractual cash flows and the cash flows
that the Group and the Company expect to receive); Financial assets can be transferred to stage 1 in case they have been proven that their ability to repay
– financial assets that are credit impaired at the reporting date: as the difference between the are back to normal.
gross carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows.
Stage 3 Financial assets that are credit-impaired (Non-performing)
Financial assets that are credit-impaired or in default represent those that are more than 90 days past
Estimate of expected cash shortfalls is determined by multiplying the probability of default (“PD”)
due in respect of principal and/or interest. Financial assets are also considered to be credit-impaired
with the percentage of loss given default (“LGD”) with the expected exposure at the time of
where the customers are unlikely to repay on the occurrence of one or more observable events that
default (“EAD”).
have an negative impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial assets. Evidence that
Forward-looking macroeconomic assumptions are incorporated into the PD, LGD and EAD where
financial assets are credit impaired includes observable data about the events such as in process of
relevant and where they have been identified to influence credit risk. These assumptions are
litigation.
determined using all reasonable and supportable information, which includes both internally
Expected credit losses of credit impaired financial assets are determined based on the difference
developed forecasts and those available externally and are consistent with those used for financial
between the present value of the recoverable cash flows under a range of scenarios, including the
and capital planning.
realisation of any collateral held where appropriate, discounted with the financial assets’ effective
Multiple forward-looking scenarios are incorporated into the range of reasonably possible interest rate, and the gross carrying value of the financial assets prior to any credit impairments.
outcomes for all material portfolios both in terms of determining the PD, LGD and EAD, where
Financial assets that are credit-impaired require a lifetime provision.
relevant, and in determining the overall expected credit loss amounts.
213 214
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Modifications of financial instruments For receivables that are credit-impaired which are classified as stage 3, these can be transferred to stage 2
when the debtors execute new contract requirements by repaying 3 consecutive months or 3 consecutive
Where the original contractual terms of a financial asset have been modified for credit reasons and the
dues, whichever is longer. They can be transferred to stage 1 after repayment of 9 consecutive months or 9
instrument has not been derecognised, the resulting modification loss is recognised as expected credit
consecutive dues, whichever is longer and there must be no overdue outstanding in account with
loss in profit or loss with a corresponding decrease in the gross carrying amount of the asset.
expectation that the customers will pay off all remaining debts.
Expected credit losses for modified financial assets that have not been derecognised and are not
(j.2) The impairment of collection fee receivables
considered to be credit-impaired will be recognised on a 12-month basis, or a lifetime basis, if there is
a significant increase in credit risk.These assets are assessed to determine whether there has been a The Group and the Company estimate lifetime ECL, using a provision matrix to find the ECL rates. This
significant increase in credit risk subsequent to the modification. method groups the debtors based on shared credit risk characteristics and past due status, taking into
account historical credit loss data, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment
Loan receivables renegotiated or modified of contractual cash flows, the Group and the Company
of both current economic conditions and forward-looking general economic conditions at the reporting date.
might consider them as financial assets that have a SICR except there is an evidence that the risk of
not receiving contractual cash flows significantly reduces and there is no indicator of the impairment.
(k) Impairment of non-financial assets
The Group and the Company then consider the aforementioned loan receivables as the ones which
The carrying amounts of the Group’s and the Company’s assets are reviewed at each reporting date to
do not have a SICR.
determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, the assets’
Write-offs of credit impaired instruments and reversal of expected credit loss recoverable amounts are estimated.
An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss if the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating
To the extent a financial instrument is considered irrecoverable, the applicable portion of the gross
unit exceeds its recoverable amount.
carrying amount is written off against the related allowance for expected credit loss. Such financial
instruments are written off after all the necessary procedures have been completed, it is decided that
(l) Employee benefits
there is no realistic probability of recovery and the amount of the loss has been determined.
Defined contribution plan
Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are recognised in the profit or loss in the
period in which the recovery occurs. Obligations for contributions to the Group’s and the Company’s provident funds are expensed in profit or
loss as the related service is provided.
If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the allowance for expected credit loss decreases and the
decrease can be related objectively to an event occurring after the credit impairment was recognised, Defined benefit plans
the previously recognised expected credit loss is reversed by adjusting the allowance for expected
The Group’s and the Company’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated by
credit loss. The amount of the reversal is recognised in the profit or loss.
estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior years. The
defined benefit obligations are discounted to the present value, which performed annually by a qualified
Improvement in credit risk
actuary using the projected unit credit method.
A period may elapse from the point at which instruments enter stage 2 or stage 3 and are reclassified
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, actuarial gain or loss are recognised immediately in OCI.
back to stage 1.
The Group and the Company determine the interest expense on the net defined benefit liability for the year
For financial assets that are credit-impaired (stage 3) and no debt restructured will be transferred to
by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the annual
stage 2 or stage 1 if it is considered that there is no more qualification as a financial asset with credit-
period, taking into account any changes in the net defined benefit liability during the year as a result of
impaired.
contributions and benefit payments. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit
For financial assets in stage 2, these can only be transferred to stage 1 when they are no longer plans are recognised in profit or loss.
considered to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk.
Short-term employee benefits
For receivables that have a SICR which are classified as stage 2 which have never been classified as
Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the
asset credit-impaired, these can be transferred to stage 1 when the debtors execute new contract
amount expected to be paid if the Group and the Company have a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
requirements by repaying 3 consecutive months or 3 consecutive dues, whichever is longer.
this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.
215 216
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is the amortised cost of a financial asset before adjusting for any
(m) Provisions
allowance for expected credit loss.
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current
Calculation of interest income and interest expense
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the
The effective interest rate of a financial asset or a financial liability is calculated on initial recognition of a financial asset
discount is recognised as a finance cost.
or a financial liability. In calculating interest income and interest expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the
(n) Fair value measurement gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability.
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly However, for financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets but
transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or, in its absence, the most subsequently have become credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is calculated by applying the
advantageous market to which the Group and the Company have access at that date. The fair value of a
effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the financial asset is no longer credit-
liability reflects its non-performance risk.
impaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis of assets.
When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group and the Company use observable market
(p) Revenue from contracts with customers
data as far as possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the
inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows: Revenue recognition
– Level 1: quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of the service in an amount that reflects the consideration
– Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
to which the Group and the Company expect to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third
either directly or indirectly.
parties and value added tax.
– Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are based on unobservable input.
Insurance commission income
If an asset or a liability measured at fair value has a bid price and an ask price, then the Group and the
For the contracts that the Group and the Company are arranging for the provision of the services on behalf of their
Company measure assets and long positions at a bid price and liabilities and short positions at an ask price.
customers and do not control the services before the primary service providers will provide the services to the
The best evidence of the fair value of a financial instrument on initial recognition is normally the transaction
customers. The Group and the Company act in the capacity of an agent and recognise the net amount of
price – i.e. the fair value of the consideration given or received.
consideration as commission revenue when its obligation to arrange for the provision of the specified service is fulfilled.
(o) Interest
(q) Income tax
Effective interest rate (“EIR”)
Income tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax, which is recognised in profit or loss except to
Interest income and interest expense are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method. The
the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity or in other comprehensive income.
EIR is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of
Current tax is recognised in respect of the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
the financial instrument to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset or the amortised cost of the
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
financial liability.
Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
When calculating the effective interest rate for financial instruments other than purchased or originated credit-
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.Deferred tax is not recognised
impaired financial assets, the Group and the Company estimate future cash flows considering all contractual
for the temporary differences: the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business
terms of the financial instrument, but not allowance for expected credit loss.
combination or at the time of the transaction (i) affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and (ii) does
The calculation of the effective interest rate includes transaction costs and fees that are an integral part of the not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences and differences relating to investments in
effective interest rate. Transaction costs include incremental costs that are directly attributable to the subsidiaries to the extent that it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
acquisition or issue of a financial asset or financial liability. The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group
and the Company expect, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets
The amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability is the amount at which the financial asset or
and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current deferred tax assets
financial liability is measured on initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus or minus the
and liabilities are offset in the separate financial statements.
cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount
and the maturity amount and, for financial assets, adjusted for any allowance for expected credit loss. A deferred tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date
and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
217 218
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Balances as at 31 December with related parties were as follows:
4. Related parties (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
Relationships with subsidiaries are described in note 7. Other related parties that the Group and the 2025 2024 2025 2024
Company had significant transactions with during the year were as follows: Subsidiaries
Other receivables - - 4,855,528 4,475,777
Country of Long-term loan - - 400,000 862,500
Name of entities incorporation/ Nature of relationships Other current liabilities - - 1,594,162 1,977,851
nationality Key management personnel
Short-term loan 73 - 73 -
Key management personnel Thailand Persons having authority and responsibility for planning, directing and Right-of-use assets 15,095 19,859 15,095 19,859
controlling the activities of the company, directly or indirectly, including any Lease liabilities 15,790 20,262 15,790 20,262
director (whether executive or otherwise) of the Group and the Company
Other related parties
Muangthai Leasing Insurance Broker Company Limited Thailand Subsidiary, 100% shareholding
Other current liabilities 200 194 200 194
Muangthai Leasing Company Limited Thailand Subsidiary, 100% shareholding
Muangthai Pay Later Co., Ltd. Thailand Subsidiary, 100% shareholding Significant agreements with related parties
As at 31 December 2025, there are outstanding interest rate on short-term loans to key management personnel were 8%
per annum (2024: no outstanding short-term loan to key management personnel).
Significant transactions with related parties
As at 31 December 2025, long-term loan to subsidiaries were Baht 400 million (2024: Baht 862.5 million) where the
For the year ended 31 December principal is repayable every 3 months and the interest is repayable monthly until June 2027 (2024: June 2027). The
(in thousand Baht) interest rates are as specified in the agreements.
As at 31 December 2025, the Company had several service agreements with subsidiaries. The scope of services
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements comprises of providing insurance broker, authorisation on hire purchase and personal loan contracts, repayment, debt
collection, collateral seizure, collateral auction, accounting including information technology, managerial services and
2025 2024 2025 2024
information service. The agreement is effective until termination. The Company receives the service fee as specified in the
Subsidiaries
agreement.
Dividend income - - - 40,000
As at 31 December 2025, the Company had the several office space rental agreements with subsidiaries for periods of 3
Fee income on support services - - 431,561 381,730
years commencing from 1 March to 2024 to 31 December 2027 (2024: 3 years commencing from 1 January 2022 to 28
Rental income - - 1,764 1,764 February 2027). The subsidiaries have the right to renew the lease at the end of lease period. The Company receives
Other interest income - - 31,264 53,360 rental fees as specified in the agreements. Rental fees will be revisited every time the contract is due.
Key management personnel As at 31 December 2025, the Company had the several office building lease agreements with related parties. The lease
Other interest income 4 4 4 4 period was 3 years commencing from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026 (2024: 3 years commencing from 1
Finance cost - Interest expenses on lease liabilities 853 1,034 853 1,034 November 2022 to 31 December 2026). The Company pays rental fees as specified in the agreements.
Key management personnel compensation
5. Cash and cash equivalents
Short-term employee benefits 45,398 48,415 45,398 48,415
(in thousand Baht)
Post-employment benefits 1,834 1,994 1,834 1,994
Consolidated Separate
Total key management personnel compensation 47,232 50,409 47,232 50,409
financial statements financial statements
Other related parties
2025 2024 2025 2024
Commission expense 2,386 2,391 2,386 2,391
Cash on hand 14,774 40,790 14,745 40,723
Cash at banks 4,980,589 3,085,554 4,832,954 2,955,901
Total 4,995,363 3,126,344 4,847,699 2,996,624
All cash and cash equivalents of the Group and the Company was in Baht.
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had pledged bank deposits pledged as collateral with a commercial bank for
Baht 13.2 million (2024: Baht 13 million), and as reserve fund in accordance with the Office of Insurance Commission’s
announcement for Baht 1 million (2024: Baht 1 million).
219 220
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, maturity analysis of lease payment on hire purchase
6. Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables
contracts, showing undiscounted is shown below.
(in thousand Baht)
6.1 Classified by type
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated Separate
Consolidated financial statements
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024
2025 2024 2025 2024
Portion due Portion due Portion due Portion due
Total Total
within one year(1) over one year within one year(1) over one year
Portion due within one year 2,360,260 2,461,438 31,605 85,699
Portion due over one year but within two years 1,478,904 1,410,927 4,509 30,814
Loan receivables 80,508,528 96,292,195 176,800,723 73,831,174 84,332,525 158,163,699
Add accrued interest receivables and Portion due over two years but within three years 779,469 697,480 - 5,559
undue interest income 2,401,757 - 2,401,757 2,183,042 - 2,183,042 Portion due over three years but within four years 336,813 263,092 - -
Total 82,910,285 96,292,195 179,202,480 76,014,216 84,332,525 160,346,741 Portion due over four years but within five years 129,419 93,750 - -
Less allowance for expected credit loss (4,606,991) (1,908,109) (6,515,100) (4,229,470) (1,663,985) (5,893,455) Portion due over five years 25,329 14,708 - -
Loan receivables, net 78,303,294 94,384,086 172,687,380 71,784,746 82,668,540 154,453,286 5,110,194 4,941,395 36,114 122,072
Less unearned interest income (1,089,578) (1,045,771) (3,717) (17,000)
Hire purchase receivables 2,360,260 2,749,934 5,110,194 2,461,438 2,479,957 4,941,395
Net investment in hire purchase contracts 4,020,616 3,895,624 32,397 105,072
Less unearned interest income (597,333) (492,245) (1,089,578) (619,337) (426,434) (1,045,771)
1,762,927 2,257,689 4,020,616 1,842,101 2,053,523 3,895,624
6.2 Credit quality analysis
Less allowance for expected credit loss (79,085) (24,168) (103,253) (171,047) (47,409) (218,456)
6.2.1 Loan receivables
Hire purchase receivables, net 1,683,842 2,233,521 3,917,363 1,671,054 2,006,114 3,677,168
The following tables set out information about the credit quality as at 31 December 2025 and
Total loan receivables and hire purchase
2024 of loan receivables without taking into account collateral or other credit enhancement.
receivables, net 79,987,136 96,617,607 176,604,743 73,455,800 84,674,654 158,130,454
(in thousand Baht)
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated financial statements
Separate financial statements
2025
2025 2024
Loan receivables and accrued
Allowance for expected Net loan
Portion due Portion due Portion due Portion due interest income and undue
Total Total credit losses receivables
within one year(1) over one year within one year(1) over one year interest income
Staging
Loan receivables 78,789,615 94,528,726 173,318,341 72,321,373 82,940,258 155,261,631
Add accrued interest receivables and Assets that are not significant increasein credit risk 161,417,053 (2,012,115) 159,404,938
undue interest income 2,374,643 - 2,374,643 2,155,826 - 2,155,826 Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 13,226,833 (1,269,217) 11,957,616
Total 81,164,258 94,528,726 175,692,984 74,477,199 82,940,258 157,417,457 Assets that are credit impaired 4,558,594 (3,233,768) 1,324,826
Total 179,202,480 (6,515,100) 172,687,380
Less allowance for expected credit loss
(4,539,264) (1,888,080) (6,427,344) (4,114,302) (1,648,651) (5,762,953)
(in thousand Baht)
Loan receivables, net 76,624,994 92,640,646 169,265,640 70,362,897 81,291,607 151,654,504
Consolidated financial statements
Hire purchase receivables 31,605 4,509 36,114 85,699 36,373 122,072
2024
Less unearned interest income (3,609) (108) (3,717) (13,601) (3,399) (17,000)
Loan receivables and accrued
27,996 4,401 32,397 72,098 32,974 105,072 interest income and undue Allowance for expected Net loan
credit losses receivables
Less allowance for expected credit loss (4,750) (306) (5,056) (16,962) (2,370) (19,332) interest income
Hire purchase receivables, net 23,246 4,095 27,341 55,136 30,604 85,740 Staging
Assets that are not significant increasein credit risk 143,411,487 (1,827,152) 141,584,335
Total loan receivables and hire purchase
receivables, net 76,648,240 92,644,741 169,292,981 70,418,033 81,322,211 151,740,244 Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 12,599,702 (1,107,654) 11,492,048
Assets that are credit impaired 4,335,552 (2,958,649) 1,376,903
(1) The balance of loan receivables and hire purchase receivables due within one year includes receivables that are credit-impaired
Total 160,346,741 (5,893,455) 154,453,286
221 222
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated financial statements
Separate financial statements
2024
2025
Loan receivables and accrued Hire purchase receivables Allowance for expected Net hire purchase
Allowance for expected Net loan
interest income and undue net unearned interest income credit losses receivables
credit losses receivables
interest income
Staging
Staging
Assets that are not significant increase in credit risk 3,374,569 (42,809) 3,331,760
Assets that are not significant increase in credit risk 158,064,932 (1,984,524) 156,080,408
0
Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 339,229 (62,073) 277,156
Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 13,137,843 (1,257,632) 11,880,211
Assets that are credit impaired 181,826 (113,574) 68,252
Assets that are credit impaired 4,490,209 (3,185,188) 1,305,021
Total 3,895,624 (218,456) 3,677,168
Total 175,692,984 (6,427,344) 169,265,640
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Separate financial statements Separate financial statements
2024 2025
Loan receivables and accrued
Allowance for expected Net loan Hire purchase receivables Allowance for expected Net hire purchase
interest income and undue
credit losses receivables net unearned interest income credit losses receivables
interest income
Staging Staging
Assets that are not significant increase in credit risk 140,725,355 (1,808,132) 138,917,223 Assets that are not significant increasein credit risk 21,908 (644) 21,264
Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 12,479,015 (1,095,800) 11,383,215 Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 6,466 (1,555) 4,911
Assets that are credit impaired 4,213,087 (2,859,021) 1,354,066 Assets that are credit impaired 4,023 (2,857) 1,166
Total 157,417,457 (5,762,953) 151,654,504 Total 32,397 (5,056) 27,341
The credit term granted by the Group and the Company is 3 to 80 months.
(in thousand Baht)
Separate financial statements
6.2.2 Hire purchase receivables
2024
The following tables set out information about the credit quality as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 of
Hire purchase receivables Allowance for expected Net hire purchase
hire purchase receivables without taking into account collateral or other credit enhancement
net unearned interest income credit losses receivables
(in thousand Baht)
Staging
Consolidated financial statements
Assets that are not significant increase in credit risk 65,865 (1,951) 63,914
2025 Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 21,470 (5,124) 16,346
Assets that are credit impaired 17,737 (12,257) 5,480
Hire purchase receivables Allowance for expected Net hire purchase
Total 105,072 (19,332) 85,740
net unearned interest income credit losses receivables
Staging The credit term granted by the Group and the Company is 6 to 72 months.
Assets that are not significant increase in credit risk 3,760,829 (27,724) 3,733,105
Assets that are significant increase in credit risk 189,847 (30,521) 159,326
Assets that are credit impaired 69,940 (45,008) 24,932
Total 4,020,616 (103,253) 3,917,363
223 224
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
6.3 Expected credit loss 8. Land, buildings and equipment
(in thousand Baht)
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements Consolidated financial statement
For the year ended 31 December 2025 2024 2025 2024 Furniture, Fixtures,
Building Construction
Land Buildings equipment, and Vehicles Total
improvement in progress
Loan receivables (3,346,820) (3,481,066) (3,291,752) (3,394,203) computers
Hire purchase receivables (15,428) (53,153) 435 (1,805)
Cost
Other receivables 8,904 33,111 8,904 33,111
At 1 January 2024 266,025 389,358 916,946 2,612,537 98,915 6,405 4,290,186
Total (3,353,344) (3,501,108) (3,282,413) (3,362,897)
Additions 6,000 1,364 57,208 333,041 239 1,022 398,874
Transfer in (out) - 2,642 951 1,554 34,035 (5,147) 34,035
Disposals / write-off - - (7,464) (89,956) (34,444) - (131,864)
7. Investments in subsidiaries At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 272,025 393,364 967,641 2,857,176 98,745 2,280 4,591,231
Additions 2,536 4,109 39,051 278,991 - 4,695 329,382
(%) (in thousand Baht) Transfer in (out) - - 329 1,021 32,891 (1,350) 32,891
Disposals / write-off - - (6,778) (120,627) (26,335) - (153,740)
Separate
At 31 December 2025 274,561 397,473 1,000,243 3,016,561 105,301 5,625 4,799,764
financial statements
Country of
Type of business Ownership interest Cost
operation
(in thousand Baht)
2025 2024 2025 2024
Consolidated financial statement
Direct subsidiaries
Furniture, Fixtures,
Building Construction
Muangthai Leasing Insurance Broker Company Limited Insurance brokerage Thailand 100 100 2,000 2,000 Land Buildings equipment, and Vehicles Total
improvement in progress
computers
Muangthai Leasing Company Limited Hire purchase Thailand 100 100 1,000,000 1,000,000
Muangthai Pay Later Co., Ltd. Installment loan Thailand 100 100 1,000,000 1,000,000 Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2024 - 27,932 438,270 1,590,978 83,273 - 2,140,453
Total 2,002,000 2,002,000 Depreciation charge for the year - 8,943 87,733 281,816 5,065 - 383,557
Transfer in (out) - - - - 9,104 - 9,104
Disposals/ write-off - - (2,945) (78,758) (33,486) - (115,189)
None of the investment in subsidiaries is publicly listed and consequently do not have published price quotations.
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 - 36,875 523,058 1,794,036 63,956 - 2,417,925
Depreciation charge for the year - 8,994 81,968 292,566 4,486 - 388,014
Details of the increase of investments in subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as
Transfer in (out) - - - - 12,593 - 12,593
follows:
Disposals/ write-off - - (5,828) (107,301) (20,930) - (134,059)
2025 At 31 December 2025 - 45,869 599,198 1,979,301 60,105 - 2,684,473
There is no increase in investments in subsidiaries during the year.
Net book value
2024 At 31 December 2024 272,025 356,489 444,583 1,063,140 34,789 2,280 2,173,306
At 31 December 2025 274,561 351,604 401,045 1,037,260 45,196 5,625 2,115,291
At the Board of Directors’ meeting of Muangthai Pay Later Co., Ltd. (“MTPL”), a subsidiary, held on 20 May
2024, the Board of Directors had resolutions passed a resolution to approve a calling of remaining 50% of
paid-up ordinary shares, totaling amount of Baht 450 million. The Company paid for share subscription in
May 2024.
225 226
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Right-of-use
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Separate financial statement Consolidated and Separate financial statements
Furniture, Fixtures,
Building Construction Buildings and
Land Buildings equipment, and Vehicles Total Vehicles Total
improvement in progress office space
computers
At 1 January 2024 4,712,468 150,024 4,862,492
Cost
At 1 January 2024 266,025 389,358 916,946 2,612,397 98,915 6,405 4,290,046 Addition 1,398,485 44,553 1,443,038
Additions 6,000 1,364 57,208 333,041 239 1,022 398,874
Depreciation charge for the year (1,097,009) (14,518) (1,111,527)
Transfer in (out) - 2,642 951 1,554 34,035 (5,147) 34,035
Derecognition (2,895) (455) (3,350)
Disposals / write-off - - (7,464) (89,956) (34,444) - (131,864)
Classified as owned assets - (24,931) (24,931)
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 272,025 393,364 967,641 2,857,036 98,745 2,280 4,591,091
Additions 2,536 4,109 39,051 278,991 - 4,695 329,382 At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 5,011,049 154,673 5,165,722
Transfer in (out) - - 329 1,021 32,891 (1,350) 32,891 Addition 1,409,383 42,072 1,451,455
Disposals / write-off - - (6,778) (120,627) (26,335) - (153,740)
Depreciation charge for the year (1,158,075) (18,237) (1,176,312)
At 31 December 2025 274,561 397,473 1,000,243 3,016,421 105,301 5,625 4,799,624
Derecognition (7,884) (2,318) (10,202)
(in thousand Baht)
Classified as owned assets - (20,298) (20,298)
Separate financial statement
At 31 December 2025 5,254,473 155,892 5,410,365
Furniture, Fixtures,
Building Construction
Land Buildings equipment, and Vehicles Total
improvement in progress
computers
Lease liabilities
(in thousand Baht)
Accumulated depreciation
At 1 January 2024 - 27,932 438,270 1,590,851 83,273 - 2,140,326 Consolidated and
Depreciation charge for the year - 8,943 87,733 281,810 5,065 - 383,551 Separate financial statements
Transfer in (out) - - - - 9,104 - 9,104
2025 2024
Disposals/ write-off - - (2,945) (78,758) (33,486) - (115,189)
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 - 36,875 523,058 1,793,903 63,956 - 2,417,792 Maturityanalysis-contractualundiscountedcashflows
Depreciation charge for the year - 8,994 81,968 292,562 4,486 - 388,010 Within one year 1,353,568 1,299,221
Transfer in (out) - - - - 12,593 - 12,593
Over one year but within five years 4,456,452 4,321,811
Disposals/ write-off - - (5,828) (107,301) (20,930) - (134,059)
Over five years 229,347 232,510
At 31 December 2025 - 45,869 599,198 1,979,164 60,105 - 2,684,336
Total undiscounted lease liabilities 6,039,367 5,853,542
Net book value
Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position 5,458,817 5,215,928
At 31 December 2024 272,025 356,489 444,583 1,063,133 34,789 2,280 2,173,299
At 31 December 2025 274,561 351,604 401,045 1,037,257 45,196 5,625 2,115,288
Amount recognised in profit or loss
(in thousand Baht)
9. Leases
Consolidated and
As a lessee Separate financial statements
As at 31 December 2025, the Group and the Company have building and office space and vehicles lease For the year ended 31 December 2025 2024
agreements with related parties and non-related parties for a period from 3 years to 6 years (2024: 3 years to Depreciation of right-of-use assets
6 years). The Group and the Company have extension options at the end of the contract period. Lease
- Buildings and office space (1,158,075) (1,097,009)
payment is specified in the contract. - Vehicles (18,237) (14,518)
Extension options Interest expense on lease liabilities (235,059) (239,551)
The Group and the Company have extension options on property leases exercisable up to one year before the
end of the contract period. The Group and the Company assess at lease commencement date whether it is In 2025, total cash outflow for leases of the Group and the Company were Baht 1,367.44 million
reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. The Group and the Company reassess whether it is (2024: Baht 1,297.25 million).
reasonably certain to exercise the options and will regularly reassess so.
227 228
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
As a lessor These borrowings are unsecured.
Operating lease
The Company are required to comply with certain terms and conditions as specified in each borrowing
The Company has office space lease agreements to its subsidiaries as disclosed in note 4. agreement, such as to maintain ratios of loan receivables that are no more than 3 months overdue to total
The following table sets out a maturity analysis of lease collection under operating lease, borrowings, non-performing loan receivables (overdue more than 3 months) to total loan receivables, total debt
showing undiscounted, as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. to equity, interest coverage ratio and the portion of the Company’s shares held by the major shareholders,
(in thousand Baht)
depending on the conditions in each agreement.
Separatefinancialstatements
As at 31 December 2025, the bank overdrafts and short-term credit facilities of the Group and the Company
2025 2024
which have not yet been drawn down amounted to Baht 7,380 million (2024: Baht 3,930 million).
Portion due within one year 1,764 1,764
Portion due over one year but within two years 784 1,764
Portion due over two year but within three years - 784 11. Other payables (in thousand Baht)
Total 2,548 4,312
Consolidated financial statements Separate financial statements
Finance lease
2025 2024 2025 2024
Leases which are classified as finance leases are hire purchase contracts as disclosed in note 6.
Accrued employee expenses 1,385,303 1,138,624 1,385,303 1,138,624
Accrued interest expenses 1,046,442 704,241 1,046,442 704,241
Accrued special business tax expenses 161,792 146,622 159,282 144,478
Accrued expenses 15,183 14,652 14,183 13,602
10.Short-term borrowings from financial institutions
Others 114,858 108,292 72,965 80,848
Total 2,723,578 2,112,431 2,678,175 2,081,793
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the following are short-term borrowings in the form of
promissory notes and bill of exchanges from local financial institutions.
(in thousand Baht)
12. Long-term borrowings from financial institutions
Consolidated and
Separate financial statements As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the following are long-term borrowings from local and foreign
Loan facility/ Repayment schedule 2025 2024 financial institutions.
(in thousand Baht)
1. Promissory notes under credit facilities amounting to Baht 2,000 million, with principal repayment within the
Consolidated and
specific date of each promissory note, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 1,000,000 1,500,000
Separate financial statements
2. Promissory notes under credit facilities amounting to Baht 2,000 million, with principal repayment within the
Loan facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024
specific date of each promissory note, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly - 2,000,000
1. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,500 million, repayable principal within March 2025,
3. Promissory notes under credit facilities amounting to Baht 1,000 million, with principal repayment and
and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,500,000
interest charged at a fixed rate within the specific date of promissory note 700,000 700,000
2. Credit facility amounting to Baht 800 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
4. Promissory notes under credit facilities amounting to Baht 800 million, with principal repayment within
within March 2025, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly - 66,630
the specific date of each promissory note, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 400,000 800,000
3. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,500 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
5. Promissory notes under credit facilities amounting to Baht 1,000 million, with principal repayment and
within June 2025, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly - 250,000
interest charged at a fixed rate within the specific date of each promissory note - 500,000
4. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
6. Promissory notes under credit facilities amounting to Baht 200 million, with principal repayment within
within July 2025, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 250,000
the specific date of promissory note, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 130,000 200,000
5. Credit facility amounting to Baht 4,958 million, repayable principal within July 2025,
7. Bill of exchange, with principal repayment at the date specified on each bill of exchange 489,519 2,960,785
and interest charged at MLR minus a fixed rate, payable monthly - 4,958,000
Total 2,719,519 8,660,785 6. Credit facility amounting to USD 95 million, repayable principal equally every 12 months
within September 2025, and interest charged at SOFR plus a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,081,293
229 230
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated and Consolidated and
Separate financial statements Separate financial statements
Loan facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024 Loan facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024
7. Credit facility amounting to JPY 9,900 million, repayable principal equally every 6 months 25. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,350 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
after 2 years from the first utilisation date within September 2028, within November 2027, and interest charged at THOR plus a fixed rate,
and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 1,361,058 1,928,525 payable every 3 months 1,080,000 1,350,000
8. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months 26. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,200 million,repayable principal equally every 3 months
within October 2025, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly - 332,800 within March 2027, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 750,000 -
9. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months 27. Credit facility amounting to Baht 500 million, repayable principal within August 2027,
within April 2026, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 166,000 499,600 and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 500,000 -
10. Credit facility amounting to Baht 458 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months 28. Credit facility amounting to USD 70 million,repayable principal equally every 12 months
within June 2026, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 114,500 267,167 within February 2028, and interest charged at SOFR plus a fixed rate,
payable every 3 months 2,412,514 -
11. Credit facility amounting to EUR 35 million, repayable principal equally every 6 months
after 2 years from the first utilisation date within December 2028, 29. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,500 million, repayable principal within June 2028,
and interest charged at EURIBOR plus a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 1,124,992 1,252,367 and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,500,000 -
12. Credit facility amounting to USD 67 million, repayable principal equally every 12 months 30. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,700 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
within September 2026, and interest charged at SOFR plus a fixed rate, within July 2027, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 1,480,000 -
payable every 3 months 708,940 1,525,192
31. Credit facility amounting to Baht 5,000 million, repayable principal within July 2028,
13. Credit facility amounting to Baht 900 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months and interest charged at MLR minus a fixed rate, payable monthly 5,000,000 -
within November 2025, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly - 450,000
32. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
14. Credit facility amounting to USD 92 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months within August 2027, and interest charged at THOR plus a fixed rate, payable monthly 875,000 -
within March 2027, and interest charged at SOFR plus a fixed rate,
33. Credit facility amounting to Baht 750 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
payable every 3 months 1,217,519 2,356,395
within September 2028, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 750,000 -
15. Credit facility amounting to Baht 500 million, repayable principal equally every 6 months
34. Credit facility amounting to USD 70 million,repayable principal equally every 3 months
within March 2026, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 125,000 375,000
within December 2028, and interest charged at SOFR plus a fixed rate,
16. Credit facility amounting to Baht 500 million, repayable principal within April 2027, payable every 3 months 2,222,052 -
and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 500,000 500,000
35. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal within December 2028,
17. Credit facility amounting to Baht 500 million, repayable principal within February 2027, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 1,000,000 -
and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 500,000 500,000
Total 28,880,242 27,208,302
18. Credit facility amounting to Baht 500 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
Less deferred issuing costs (67,359) (112,676)
within June 2027, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 291,667 458,333
Net 28,812,883 27,095,626
19. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,500 million, repayable principal within July 2027,
and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,500,000 1,500,000
20. Credit facility amounting to Baht 2,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months Current portion 9,349,083 14,579,402
within August 2026, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 750,000 1,750,000
Non-current portion 19,463,800 12,516,224
21. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
Total 28,812,883 27,095,626
within June 2027, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 496,000 832,000
22. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months
Thai Baht 19,821,175 19,049,099
within September 2026, and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 375,000 875,000
United States Dollar (USD) 6,526,637 4,912,583
23. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,000 million, repayable principal within May 2027,
and interest charged at a fixed rate, payable monthly 1,000,000 1,000,000 Japanese Yen (JPY) 1,349,308 1,898,390
24. Credit facility amounting to Baht 1,350 million, repayable principal equally every 3 months Euro (EUR) 1,115,763 1,235,554
within November 2027, and interest charged at THOR plus a fixed rate,
payable every 3 months 1,080,000 1,350,000 Total 28,812,883 27,095,626
231 232
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
The Company is required to comply with certain terms and conditions as specified in each borrowing (in thousand Baht)
agreement, such as to maintain ratios of loan receivables that are no more than 3 months overdue to
Consolidated and
total borrowings, non-performing loan receivables (overdue more than 3 months) to total loan receivables,
Separate financial statements
total debt to equity, interest coverage ratio, loan loss provision to non-performing loan receivables (NPL
Facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024
Coverage ratio), net profit being greater than zero and the portion of the Company’s shares held by the
10. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,000 million with a tenor of 4 years 11 months 30 days,
major shareholders, depending on the conditions in each agreement.
maturing in February 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,000,000 1,000,000
11. Debenture amounting to Baht 2,200 million with a tenor of 3 years,
As at 31 December 2025, the long-term credit facilities from financial institutions of the Group and the
maturing in June 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 2,200,000
Company which have not yet been drawn down amounted to USD 200 million (2024: Baht 500 million).
12. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,831.1 million with a tenor of 4 years, maturing in June 2026,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,831,100 1,831,100
To hedge interest rate risk and foreign exchange rate risk, the Company had outstanding commitment
13. Debenture amounting to Baht 933.2 million with a tenor of 4 years 11 months 30 days,
under cross currency interest rate swap agreements with local commercial banks. Under such
maturing in June 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 933,200 933,200
agreements, the Company is charged at fixed interest rate in Baht in exchange for interest rate at SOFR 14. Debenture amounting to Baht 500 million with a tenor of 5 years, maturing in July 2027,
plus a fixed percent per annum in USD, interest rate at EURIBOR plus a fixed percent per annum in bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 500,000 500,000
EUR, interest rate at a fixed percent per annum in JPY, and interest rate at THOR plus a fixed percent 15. Debenture amounting to Baht 2,124.5 million with a tenor of 3 years, maturing in August 2025,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 2,124,500
per annum in THB, and will pay the principal in Baht in exchange for principal in USD, EUR and JPY.
16. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,634.6 million with a tenor of 3 years 6 months,
The cross currency interest rate swap agreements have the critical term matched with the borrowing
maturing in April 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,634,600 1,634,600
repayment terms.
17. Debenture amounting to Baht 3,400 million with a tenor of 2 years, maturing in January 2025,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months - 3,400,000
18. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,969.5 million with a tenor of 2 years 24 days,
13.Debentures
maturing in March 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,969,500
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, these debentures are registered, unsubordinated and unsecured 19. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,995.2 million with a tenor of 3 years 23 days,
maturing in March 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,995,200 1,995,200
debentures. Details are as follow:
20. Debenture amounting to Baht 927.7 million with a tenor of 4 years 22 days,
(in thousand Baht) maturing in March 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 927,700 927,700
21. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,121.1 million with a tenor of 5 years 21 days,
Consolidated and maturing in March 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,121,100 1,121,100
Separate financial statements 22. Debenture amounting to Baht 2,632 million with a tenor of 2 years, maturing in May 2025,
Facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024 bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months - 2,632,000
23. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,443.2 million with a tenor of 2 years 1 day,
1. Debenture amounting to Baht 800 million with a tenor of 4 years, maturing in May 2025,
maturing in June 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,443,200
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 800,000
24. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,980.2 million with a tenor of 3 years, maturing in June 2026,
2. Debenture amounting to Baht 500 million with a tenor of 4 years 11 months 29 days,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,980,200 1,980,200
maturing in May 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 500,000 500,000
25. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,519.2 million with a tenor of 3 years 11 months 30 days,
3. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,361.8 million with a tenor of 4 years, maturing in August 2025,
maturing in June 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,519,200 1,519,200
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,361,800
4. Debenture amounting to Baht 996.4 million with a tenor of 4 years 11 months 30 days, 26. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,866 million with a tenor of 2 years, maturing in July 2025,
maturing in August 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 996,400 996,400 bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months - 1,866,000
5. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,598 million with a tenor of 3 years 11 months 26 days, 27. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,767.9 million with a tenor of 2 years, maturing in August 2025,
maturing in November 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,598,000 bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,767,900
6. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,000 million with a tenor of 4 years 11 months 25 days, 28. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,399.7 million with a tenor of 3 years 1 day,
maturing in November 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,000,000 1,000,000 maturing in August 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,399,700 1,399,700
7. Debenture amounting to Baht 500 million with a tenor of 3 years, maturing in January 2025, 29. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,332.4 million with a tenor of 4 years, maturing in August 2027,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months - 500,000 bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,332,400 1,332,400
8. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,609 million with a tenor of 3 years 1 day, 30. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,158.3 million with a tenor of 2 years 10 days,
maturing in February 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,609,000 maturing in November 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,158,300
9. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,391 million with a tenor of 4 years, 31. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,064.4 million with a tenor of 3 years 9 days,
maturing in February 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,391,000 1,391,000 maturing in November 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,064,400 1,064,400
233 234
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated and
Consolidated and
Separate financial statements
Separate financial statements
Facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024
Facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024
32 Debenture amounting to Baht 812.7 million with a tenor of 4 years 8 days,
55. Debenture amounting to USD 50 million with a tenor of 3 years,
maturing in November 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 812,700 812,700
repayable principal equally every 6 months after 1 year from the issuance and offering date within
33 Debenture amounting to Baht 473 million with a tenor of2 years, maturing in November 2025, August 2027, bearing interest charged at SOFR plus a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 1,679,200 1,679,200
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months - 473,000 56. Debenture amounting to USD 335 million with a tenor of 4 years,
34 Debenture amounting to Baht 1,235.1 million with a tenor of 1 year 5 months 15 days, repayable principal equally every 6 months after 2 years from the issuance and offering date within
maturing in June 2025, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months - 1,235,100 September 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 1,269,744 1,707,305
35 Debenture amounting to Baht 592.2 million with a tenor of2 years 5 months 14 days, 57. Debenture amounting to USD 350 million with a tenor of 5 years,
maturing in June 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 592,200 592,200 repayable principal equally every 6 months after 2 years from the issuance and offering date within
July 2030, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 10,634,106 11,438,944
36 Debenture amounting to Baht 170 million with a tenor of 2 years, maturing in January 2026,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 170,000 170,000 58. Debenture amounting to SGD 64 million with a tenor of 3 years, maturing in October 2028,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 11,110,260 -
37 Debenture amounting to Baht 1,042.3 million with a tenor of 2 years 8 days,
maturing in March 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,042,300 1,042,300 59. Debenture amounting to SGD 65 million with a tenor of 5 years, maturing in October 2030,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 1,590,042 -
38 Debenture amounting to Baht 1,999.7 million with a tenor of 3 years 7 days,
maturing in March 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,999,700 1,999,700 60. Debenture amounting to Baht 2,371.2 million with a tenor of 3 years 4 months 16 days,
maturing in June 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,614,886 -
39 Debenture amounting to Baht 958 million with a tenor of 4 years 5 days,
maturing in March 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 958,000 958,000 61. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,165.9 million with a tenor of 5 years 29 days,
maturing in February 2030, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 2,371,200 -
40 Debenture amounting to Baht 250 million with a tenor of 2 years 11 months 15 days,
maturing in March 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 250,000 250,000 62. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,462.9 million with a tenor of 7 years 27 days,
maturing in February 2032, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,165,900 -
41 Debenture amounting to Baht 250 million with a tenor of 3 years 11 months 13 days,
maturing in March 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 250,000 250,000 63. Debenture amounting to Baht 5,000.00 million with a tenor of 1 years2 months 10 days,
maturing in June 2026, non interest bearing 1,462,900 -
42 Debenture amounting to Baht 3,630 million with a tenor of 1 year maturing in April 2025, non interest bearing - 3,630,000
64. Debenture amounting to Baht 4,700.00 million with a tenor of 1 years 11 months,
43 Debenture amounting to Baht 2,620 million with a tenor of 2 years maturing in April 2026, non interest bearing 2,620,000 2,620,000
maturing in March 2027, non interest bearing 5,000,000 -
44 Debenture amounting to Baht 250 million with a tenor of 3 years maturing in April 2027,
65. Debenture amounting to Baht 300.00 million with a tenor of 3 years 4 months,
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 250,000 250,000
maturing in August 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 6 months 4,700,000 -
45 Debenture amounting to Baht 2,107.7 million with a tenor of 2 years 22 days,
66. Debenture amounting to Baht 3,739.40 million with a tenor of 3 years 11 months 29 days,
maturing in June 2026, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 2,107,700 2,107,700
maturing in May 2029, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 300,000 -
46 Debenture amounting to Baht 2,842.8 million with a tenor of 3 years 21 days,
67. Debenture amounting to Baht 2,837.70 million with a tenor of 4 years 11 months 28 days,
maturing in June 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 2,842,800 2,842,800
maturing in May 2030, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 3,739,400 -
47 Debenture amounting to Baht 2,170.5 million with a tenor of 4 years 27 days,
68. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,222.90 million with a tenor of 6 years 11 months 25 days,
maturing in June 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 2,170,500 2,170,500
maturing in May 2032, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 2,837,700 -
48 Debenture amounting to Baht 1,790 million with a tenor of 1 year maturing in July 2025, non interest bearing - 1,790,000
69. Debenture amounting to Baht 3,182.90 million with a tenor of 4 years 7 days,
49 Debenture amounting to Baht 710 million with a tenor of 2 years maturing in July 2026, non interest bearing 710,000 710,000
maturing in September 2029, bearing interest at a fixed rate,payable every 3 months 1,222,900 -
50 Debenture amounting to Baht 768.8 million with a tenor of 2 years 4 days,
70. Debenture amounting to Baht 4,487.50 million with a tenor of 5 years 6 days,
maturing in August 2026, bearing interestat a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 768,800 768,800
maturing in September 2030, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 3,182,900 -
51 Debenture amounting to Baht 1,061.2 million with a tenor of 3 years 3 days,
71. Debenture amounting to Baht 2,329.60 million with a tenor of 7 years 3 days,
maturing in August 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,061,200 1,061,200
maturing in August 2032, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 4,487,500 -
52 Debenture amounting to Baht 754.4 million with a tenor of 4 years 8 days,
72. Debenture amounting to Baht 1,000.00 million with a tenor of 3 years, maturing in October 2028,
maturing in August 2028, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 754,400 754,400
non interest bearing 2,329,600 -
53 Debenture amounting to Baht 852.8 million with a tenor of 2 years 3 days,
73. Debenture amounting to Baht 700.00 million with a tenor of 3 years, maturing in November 2028,
maturing in November 2026, bearing interestat a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 852,800 852,800
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,000,000 -
54 Debenture amounting to Baht 1,468 million with a tenor of 3 years 2 days,
74. Debenture amounting to Baht 400.00 million with a tenor of 4 years, maturing in November 2029,
maturing in November 2027, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 1,468,000 1,468,000
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 700,000 -
235 236
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated and Consolidated and Separate
Separate financial statements financial statements
Present value of the defined benefit obligations 2025 2024
Facility / Repayment schedule 2025 2024
75. Debenture amounting to Baht 400.00 million with a tenor of 4 years, maturing in November 2029, At 1 January 297,185 209,103
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 400,000 - Recognised in profit or loss:
76. Debenture amounting to Baht 500.00 million with a tenor of 5 years 11 months 29 days, Current service cost 46,976 34,002
500,000 -
maturing in November 2031, bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months Interest on obligation 8,236 7,230
77. Debenture amounting to Baht 900.00 million with a tenor of 8 years, maturing in November 2033, 55,212 41,232
bearing interest at a fixed rate, payable every 3 months 900,000 -
Recognised in other comprehensive income:
Total 107,005,538 89,191,049
Actuarial (gain) loss
Less deferred issuing costs (721,314) (368,048)
- Financial assumptions (15,828) 40,845
Less deferred interest expenses (394,241) (256,431)
- Demographic assumptions 33,080 -
Net 105,889,983 88,566,570
- Experience adjustment 15,925 8,441
Current portion 28,786,229 31,535,344 33,177 49,286
Non-current portion 77,103,754 57,031,226
Benefit paid (3,442) (2,436)
Total 105,889,983 88,566,570
At 31 December 382,132 297,185
Thai Baht 80,170,386 75,598,414
(percent)
United States Dollar (USD) 22,772,205 12,968,156
Consolidated and Separate
Singapore Dollar (SGD) 2,947,392 - financial statements
Total 105,889,983 88,566,570 Principal actuarial assumptions 2025 2024
Discount rate 2.5 2.8
To hedge interest rate risk and foreign exchange rate risk, the Company had outstanding commitment
Future salary growth 5.5 6.0
under a cross currency interest rate swap agreements with local and foreign commercial banks. Under
Employee turnover rate 2.5 –15.0 2.5 - 20.0
such agreements, the Company is charged at fixed interest rate in Baht in exchange for interest rate at
SOFR plus a fixed percent per annum in USD, interest rate at a fixed percent per annum in USD and Assumptions regarding future mortality have been based on published statistics and mortality tables.
interest rate at a fixed percent per annum in SGD, and will pay the principal in Baht in exchange for At 31 December 2025, the weighted-average duration of the defined benefit obligation was 23 years (2024: 21 years).
principal in USD and SGD. The cross currency interest rate swap agreements have critical terms matched
Sensitivity analysis
with the borrowing repayment term. Furthermore, the Company is required to provide cash collateral
Reasonably possible changes at the reporting date to one of the relevant actuarial assumptions, holding
when the fair value of a contract is in a loss position in excess of the specified threshold. As at 31
other assumptions constant, would have affected the defined benefit obligation by the amounts shown
December 2025, the Company had collateral deposits of Baht 776.54 million which are presented as
below. (in thousand Baht)
non-current assets (2024: nil).
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
The Company, as debentures issuer, is required to comply with certain terms and conditions as specified
Percent
in each agreement, such as to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio. Effectto the defined Percent decrease Effectto the defined
increase
benefit obligations in assumption benefit obligations
in assumption
14. Non-current provisions for employee benefits 2025
Discount rate 0.5 (39,196) 0.5 44,621
Defined benefit plan
Future salary growth 0.5 43,053 0.5 (38,320)
Employee turnover rate 10.0 (41,042) 10.0 47,353
The Group and the Company operate a defined benefit plan based on the requirement of Thai
2024
Labour Protection Act B.E. 2541 (1998) to provide retirement benefits to employees based on
Discount rate 0.5 (29,915) 0.5 34,060
pensionable remuneration and length of service. The defined benefit plans expose the Group
Future salary growth 0.5 32,800 0.5 (29,196)
and the Company to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate risk. Employee turnover rate 10.0 (33,765) 10.0 39,598
237 238
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
15.Segment information and disaggregation of revenue 16. Expenses by nature
Segment information is consistent with internal report, which is used for making a decision on resource allocation
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated Separate
and segment evaluation. The top decision maker on operation for the Company is the Chairman of the Executive
financial statements financial statements
Committee.
2025 2024 2025 2024
The Company’s principal operations involve two operating segment in lending business and hire purchase, and
Salary, wages and other employee benefits 7,736,679 6,973,202 7,736,679 6,973,202
each of its subsidiaries is principally engaged in insurance brokerage, providing hire purchase business and
Depreciation and amortisation expenses 1,585,094 1,518,488 1,585,083 1,518,472
lending business.
Special business tax 979,328 885,682 961,451 870,600
The Group’s and the Company’s operations are carried on only in Thailand. During the year, the Group has no Utilities expenses 226,845 268,071 226,845 268,071
change in segment information. Travelling expenses 211,542 227,208 211,509 227,151
Telecommunication expenses 114,252 112,617 114,252 112,617
The Group has no major customers with revenues equal to 10 percent or more of their revenues.
Rental and service expenses 60,446 58,590 47,894 47,885
Revenue recognition of lending business and hire purchase is on effective interest method over contract period. Others 845,114 746,241 842,172 741,168
Insurance commission income is recognised at a point in time when its obligation to arrange for the provision of Total 11,759,300 10,790,099 11,725,885 10,759,166
the specified service is fulfilled.
During 2025, the Group and the Company have contributed provident funds for their employees
Financial information of the Group presented by segments for the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are amounting to Baht 92.53 million (2024: Baht 78.37 million), which are presented as employee benefit
as follows: expenses.
(in thousand Baht)
17. Income tax
Consolidated financial statements
Lending business Insurance broker Hire purchase Elimination Total (in thousand Baht)
For the year ended 31 December 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
Interest income from loan
receivables and hire purchase Income tax recognised in profit or loss 2025 2024 2025 2024
receivables 29,328,884 26,255,035 - - 680,932 701,176 - - 30,009,816 26,956,211
Fees and service income 458,106 666,081 95,671 84,571 18,390 30,059 - - 572,167 780,711 Current tax expense
Dividend income - 40,000 - - - - - (40,000) - - Current year 1,703,542 1,624,447 1,590,368 1,576,111
Other income 607,282 570,162 534 427 14,039 31,624 (464,589) (436,854) 157,266 165,359
(Over) under provided in prior years 4,947 (343) 4,947 (356)
Total revenues 30,394,272 27,531,278 96,205 84,998 713,361 762,859 (464,589) (476,854) 30,739,249 27,902,281
1,708,489 1,624,104 1,595,315 1,575,755
Segment profit before income tax 7,926,881 6,999,226 18,646 15,864 463,135 353,103 - (40,000) 8,408,662 7,328,193 Deferred tax expense
Income tax (1,587,533) (1,385,315) (3,729) (3,173) (94,125) (72,397) - - (1,685,387) (1,460,885) Movements in temporary differences (23,102) (163,219) (51,964) (215,011)
Segment profit 6,339,348 5,613,911 14,917 12,691 369,010 280,706 - (40,000) 6,723,275 5,867,308 Total income tax 1,685,387 1,460,885 1,543,351 1,360,744
Significant non-cash transactions
Loss arising from derecognition of
financial assets measured at
amortised cost and hire purchase
receivables (999,805) (975,435) - - (51,216) (165,589) - - (1,051,021) (1,141,024)
Expected credit loss (3,337,916) (3,447,955) - - (15,428) (53,153) - - (3,353,344) (3,501,108)
Total assets 196,480,678 175,386,927 92,075 65,368 4,661,430 4,711,885 (8,851,690) (9,318,129) 192,382,493 170,846,051
Total liabilities 153,916,369 138,466,947 55,428 43,637 2,341,694 2,698,422 (6,849,690) (7,316,129) 149,463,801 133,892,877
239 240
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Deferred income tax
(in thousand Baht)
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
Consolidated financial statements
2025 2024
Credited to / (Charged)
Income tax recognised in other Before Tax benefit Net of Before
Tax expense Net of tax Other comprehensive
comprehensive income tax (expense) tax tax At 1 January Profit or loss At 31 December
income
Cash flow hedges reserve (251,520) 50,304 (201,216) (432,881) 86,576 (346,305)
2025
Defined benefit plan actuarial
Deferred tax assets
gains (losses) (33,177) 6,635 (26,542) (49,286) 9,857 (39,429)
Loan receivables 1,178,691 124,328 - 1,303,019
Total (284,697) 56,939 (227,758) (482,167) 96,433 (385,734)
Hire purchase receivables 43,691 (23,041) - 20,650
Assets held for sale 1,429 (126) - 1,303
Hedging reserve 130,813 - 50,304 181,117
Lease liabilities 1,027,087 49,485 - 1,076,572
Consolidated financial statements Non-current provisions for employee benefit 59,437 10,354 6,635 76,426
2025 2024 Others 76,124 (2,900) - 73,224
Rate Rate Total 2,517,272 158,100 56,939 2,732,311
Reconciliation of effective tax rate (in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
(%) (%)
Profit before income tax expense 8,408,662 7,328,193
Deferred tax liabilities
Income tax using the Thai corporation tax rate 20.00 1,681,733 20.00 1,465,639
Right-of-use assets (1,007,196) (51,073) - (1,058,269)
Effects of non-taxable income and
Others (96,892) (83,925) - (180,817)
non-deductible expenses (453) 2,896
Total (1,104,088) (134,998) - (1,239,086)
Additional deductions allowed for expenses (840) (7,307)
Net 1,413,184 23,102 56,939 1,493,225
(Over) under provided in prior years 4,947 (343)
Total 20.04 1,685,387 19.94 1,460,885
2024
Deferred tax assets
Loan receivables 933,688 245,003 - 1,178,691
Hire purchase receivables 100,078 (56,387) - 43,691
Separate financial statements Assets held for sale 1,933 (504) - 1,429
2025 2024 Hedging reserve 44,237 - 86,576 130,813
Rate Rate Lease liabilities 964,845 62,242 - 1,027,087
Reconciliation of effective tax rate (in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
(%) (%) Non-current provisions for employee benefit 41,821 7,759 9,857 59,437
Profit before income tax expense 7,713,229 6,882,481 Others 80,511 (4,387) - 76,124
Income tax using the Thai corporation tax rate 20.00 1,542,646 20.00 1,376,496 Total 2,167,113 253,726 96,433 2,517,272
Effects of non-taxable income and
(3,402) (8,089)
non-deductible expenses
Deferred tax liabilities
Additional deductions allowed for expenses (840) (7,307)
Right-of-use assets (945,411) (61,785) - (1,007,196)
(Over) under provided in prior years 4,947 (356)
Others (68,170) (28,722) - (96,892)
Total 20.01 1,543,351 19.77 1,360,744
Total (1,013,581) (90,507) - (1,104,088)
Net 1,153,532 163,219 96,433 1,413,184
241 242
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Deferred income tax 18. Earnings per share
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht / thousand shares)
Separate financial statements Consolidated Separate
Credited to/ (Charged) financial statements financial statements
Other comprehensive 2025 2024 2025 2024
At 1 January Profit or loss At 31 December
income
Profit attributable to ordinary
2025 shareholders of the Company (basic) 6,723,275 5,867,308 6,169,878 5,521,737
Number of ordinary shares outstanding
Deferred tax assets
(basic) at 31 December 2,120,000 2,120,000 2,120,000 2,120,000
Loan receivables 1,152,590 132,879 - 1,285,469
Hire purchase receivables 3,866 (2,855) - 1,011 Earnings per share (basic) (in Baht) 3.17 2.77 2.91 2.60
Assets held for sale 1,080 - - 1,080
Hedging reserve 130,813 - 50,304 181,117 19. Dividends
Lease liabilities 1,027,087 49,485 - 1,076,572
(in Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Non-current provisions for employee benefit 59,437 10,354 6,635 76,426
Others 75,945 (2,901) - 73,044
Approval date Payment schedule Dividend rateper share Amount
Total 2,450,818 186,962 56,939 2,694,719
2025
Deferred tax liabilities Annual dividend 2024 22 April 2025 May 2025 0.25 530,000
Right-of-use assets (1,007,196) (51,073) - (1,058,269) 2024
Others (96,892) (83,925) - (180,817) Annual dividend 2023 23 April 2024 May 2024 0.21 445,200
Total (1,104,088) (134,998) - (1,239,086)
Net 1,346,730 51,964 56,939 1,455,633 20. Financial instruments
(a)Carrying amounts and fair values
2024
The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities, including
Deferred tax assets
their levels in the fair value hierarchy. It does not include fair value information for financial assets and financial
Loan receivables 901,167 251,423 - 1,152,590 liabilities measured at amortised cost if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.
Hire purchase receivables 15,415 (11,549) - 3,866
Assets held for sale 1,080 - - 1,080 (in thousand Baht)
Hedging reserve 44,237 - 86,576 130,813 Consolidated financial statements
Lease liabilities 964,845 62,242 - 1,027,087 Carrying amount Fair value
Non-current provisions for employee benefit 41,821 7,759 9,857 59,437 Financial
Fair value - instruments
Others 80,302 (4,357) - 75,945
hedging measured at Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
Total 2,048,867 305,518 96,433 2,450,818 instruments amortised
cost
2025
Deferred tax liabilities
Financial liabilities
Right-of-use assets (945,411) (61,785) - (1,007,196)
Long-term borrowings from financial
Others (68,170) (28,722) - (96,892) - 28,812,883 28,812,883 - 28,967,448 - 28,967,448
institutions
Total (1,013,581) (90,507) - (1,104,088) Debentures - 105,889,983 105,889,983 - 108,268,915 - 108,268,915
Derivative liabilities - cross currency
Net 1,035,286 215,011 96,433 1,346,730
interest rate swap agreements 2,565,393 - 2,565,393 - 2,565,393 - 2,565,393
243 244
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) Fair value of long-term loans are estimated by discounting expected future cash flow by the current
Consolidated financial statements market interest rates of the instruments with similar terms.
Carrying amount Fair value Fair value of derivative liabilities have been determined using a discounted future cash flow model,
Financial applying current market yield rates.
Fair value - instruments
hedging measured at Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Floating rate long-term borrowings from financial institutions and foreign currency debentures, their fair
instruments amortised
cost values are approximated based on the carrying amount.
2024
Fixed rate long-term borrowings from financial institutions and foreign currency debentures, their fair values
Financial liabilities
are estimated by discounting expected future cash flow by the current market interest rate of the
Long-term borrowings from financial
- 27,095,626 27,095,626 - 27,341,898 - 27,341,898 instrument with similar terms and conditions.
institutions
Debentures - 88,566,570 88,566,570 - 89,563,624 - 89,563,624 Fair values of Thai Baht debentures are referenced by the price of debentures at the Thai Bond Market
Derivative liabilities - cross currency
Association (“ThaiBMA”).
interest rate swap agreements 1,009,372 - 1,009,372 - 1,009,372 - 1,009,372
(in thousand Baht) (b) Financial risk management policies
Separate financial statements The Group’s and the Company’s board of directors have overall responsibility for the establishment and oversight of the
Group’s and the Company’s risk management framework. The board of directors has established the risk management
Carrying amount Fair value
committee, which is responsible for developing and monitoring the Group’s and Company’s risk management policies. The
Financial
Fair value - instruments committee reports regularly to the board of directors.
hedging measured at Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total
instruments amortised The Group’s and the Company’s risk management policies are established to identify and analyse the risks faced by the
cost Group and the Company, to set appropriate risk limits and controls and to monitor risks and adherence to limits. Risk
2025 management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group’s and the
Company’s activities. The Group and the Company, through its training and management standards and procedures, aim to
Financial assets
maintain a disciplined and constructive control environment in which all employees understand their roles and obligations.
Long-term loans - related parties - 400,000 400,000 - 408,079 - 408,079
Financial liabilities The Group’s and the Company’s audit committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group’s and
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - 28,812,883 28,812,883 - 28,967,448 - 28,967,448 the Company’s risk management policies and procedures, and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in
Debentures - 105,889,983 105,889,983 - 108,268,915 - 108,268,915 relation to the risks faced by the Group and the Company. The Group’s and the Company’s audit committee is assisted in
Derivative liabilities - cross currency its oversight role by internal audit. Internal audit undertakes both regular and ad hoc reviews of risk management controls
interest rate swap agreements 2,565,393 - 2,565,393 - 2,565,393 - 2,565,393 and procedures, the results of which are reported to the audit committee.
2024
(b.1) Credit risk
Financial assets
The Group and the Company are exposed to credit risk primarily with respect to loan receivables
Long-term loans - related parties - 862,500 862,500 - 878,742 - 878,742
consisted of loans secured against vehicle registrations, land tittle deeds, condominium loans, personal
Financial liabilities
loans without collateral nano finance, installment loan and hire purchase receivables. The Group and the
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - 27,095,626 27,095,626 - 27,341,898 - 27,341,898
Company manage the risk by adopting appropriate credit control policies and procedures and therefore
Debentures - 88,566,570 88,566,570 - 89,563,624 - 89,563,624
Derivative liabilities - cross currency do not expect to incur material financial losses. In addition, the Group and the Company do not have
interest rate swap agreements 1,009,372 - 1,009,372 - 1,009,372 - 1,009,372
high concentrations of credit risk since it has a large customer base. The maximum exposure to credit
risk is limited to the carrying amounts of loan receivables less allowance for expected credit loss as
Financial assets and financial liabilities which have short-term maturity, including cash and cash
stated in the statements of financial position.
equivalents, other receivables, short-term loans and short-term borrowings from financial
Information relevant to credit quality of loan receivables and hire purchase receivables is disclosed
institutions, their fair values approximate their carrying amount.
in note 6.2.
Fair values of loan receivables have the effective rate assessed by the management to be a
reasonable approximation of market effective rate are approximated based on the net carrying
amount.
245 246
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Allowance for expected credit loss as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follow, excluding allowance for The movements in allowance for expected credit loss of loan receivables and hire purchase receivables during
expected credit loss on other receivables. the years were as follows:
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated financial statements Consolidated financial statements
Assets that are not Assets that are Assets that are not Assets that are
Assets that are Assets that are
significant increase significant increase Total significant increase significant increase Total
credit impaired credit impaired
in credit risk in credit risk in credit risk in credit risk
2025
Loan receivables
Loan receivables 2,012,115 1,269,217 3,233,768 6,515,100
At 1 January 2024 1,162,023 994,772 2,511,646 4,668,441
Hire purchase receivables 27,724 30,521 45,008 103,253
Change from stage reclassification:
Total 2,039,839 1,299,738 3,278,776 6,618,353
Assets that are not significant increase
2024 in credit risk (67,559) 47,238 20,321 -
Loan receivables 1,827,152 1,107,654 2,958,649 5,893,455 Assets that are significant increase
Hire purchase receivables 42,809 62,073 113,574 218,456 in credit risk 73,460 (157,532) 84,072 -
Total 1,869,961 1,169,727 3,072,223 6,111,911 Assets that are credit impaired 25,276 20,165 (45,441) -
Change from remeasurement of ECL (114,769) 134,704 1,006,171 1,026,106
(in thousand Baht)
Acquired 1,618,425 805,854 1,278,419 3,702,698
Separate financial statements Derecognised (869,704) (737,547) (1,896,539) (3,503,790)
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 1,827,152 1,107,654 2,958,649 5,893,455
Assets that are not Assets that are
Assets that are
significant increase significant increase Total
credit impaired Change from stage reclassification:
in credit risk in credit risk
Assets that are not significant increase
2025
in credit risk (130,733) 88,721 42,012 -
Loan receivables 1,984,524 1,257,632 3,185,188 6,427,344
Assets that are significant increase
Hire purchase receivables 644 1,555 2,857 5,056
in credit risk 83,216 (175,013) 91,797 -
Total 1,985,168 1,259,187 3,188,045 6,432,400 Assets that are credit impaired 30,811 24,435 (55,246) -
Change from remeasurement of ECL (183,711) 104,648 975,201 896,138
2024
Loan receivables 1,808,132 1,095,800 2,859,021 5,762,953 Acquired 1,725,746 906,574 1,445,063 4,077,383
Hire purchase receivables 1,951 5,124 12,257 19,332 Derecognised (1,340,366) (787,802) (2,223,708) (4,351,876)
Total 1,810,083 1,100,924 2,871,278 5,782,285 At 31 December 2025 2,012,115 1,269,217 3,233,768 6,515,100
247 248
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) (in thousand Baht)
Consolidated financial statements Separate financial statements
Assets that are not Assets that are Assets that are not Assets that are
Assets that are Assets that are
significant increase significant increase Total significant increase significant increase Total
credit impaired credit impaired
in credit risk in credit risk in credit risk in credit risk
Hire purchase receivables Loan receivables
At 1 January 2024 63,043 120,170 317,175 500,388 At 1 January 2024 1,144,238 975,660 2,385,940 4,505,838
Change from stage reclassification:
Change from stage reclassification:
Assets that are not significant increase Assets that are not significant increase
in credit risk (8,137) 6,725 1,412 - in credit risk (66,298) 46,521 19,777 -
Assets that are significant increase Assets that are significant increase
in credit risk 26,223 (38,612) 12,389 - in credit risk 70,721 (151,415) 80,694 -
Assets that are credit impaired 1,327 3,020 (4,347) - Assets that are credit impaired 25,117 19,903 (45,020) -
Change from remeasurement of ECL (38,566) 668 43,670 5,772 Change from remeasurement of ECL (108,884) 131,460 947,106 969,682
Acquired 11,673 2,266 3,197 17,136 Acquired 1,604,872 800,091 1,259,106 3,664,069
Derecognised (12,754) (32,164) (259,922) (304,840) Derecognised (861,634) (726,420) (1,788,582) (3,376,636)
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 42,809 62,073 113,574 218,456 At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 1,808,132 1,095,800 2,859,021 5,762,953
Change from stage reclassification:
Change from stage reclassification:
Assets that are not significant increase Assets that are not significant increase
in credit risk (3,864) 3,272 592 - in credit risk (130,215) 88,391 41,824 -
Assets that are significant increase Assets that are significant increase
in credit risk 10,438 (15,747) 5,309 - in credit risk 81,389 (171,982) 90,593 -
Assets that are credit impaired 415 1,023 (1,438) - Assets that are credit impaired 30,654 24,346 (55,000) -
Change from remeasurement of ECL (23,121) (3,985) 19,409 (7,697) Change from remeasurement of ECL (178,944) 100,584 953,662 875,302
Acquired 10,096 2,152 3,234 15,482 Acquired 1,705,333 900,943 1,431,232 4,037,508
Derecognised (9,049) (18,267) (95,672) (122,988) Derecognised (1,331,825) (780,450) (2,136,144) (4,248,419)
At 31 December 2025 27,724 30,521 45,008 103,253 At 31 December 2025 1,984,524 1,257,632 3,185,188 6,427,344
249 250
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) For guarantee, the process for the analysis of guarantor’s creditworthiness is aligned to credit
assessment process for borrowers.
Separate financial statements
Concentrations of credit risk
Assets that are not Assets that are
Assets that are
significant increase significant increase Total
credit impaired The Group and the Company monitor concentrations of credit risk by type of financing. As at 31 December 2025,
in credit risk in credit risk
more than 51% of credit risk on loan receivables concentrated to retail group comprised of agriculturist and day
Hire purchase receivables labour (2024: more than 51% of credit risk on loan receivables concentrated to retail group comprised of
At 1 January 2024 5,082 14,232 57,760 77,074 agriculturist and day labour), and more than 50% of credit risk on hire purchase receivables concentrated to retail
group comprised of private company employee and day labour (2024: more than 47% of credit risk on hire
Change from stage reclassification:
purchase receivables concentrated to retail group comprised of private company employee and agriculturist).
Assets that are not significant increase
in credit risk (760) 559 201 -
Information related to ECL
Assets that are significant increase
in credit risk 3,092 (5,776) 2,684 - Significant increase in credit risk (SICR)
Assets that are credit impaired 73 258 (331) -
When determining whether the probability of default on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
Change from remeasurement of ECL (4,244) (640) 6,779 1,895
recognition, the Group and the Company consider reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and
Acquired - - - -
available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based
Derecognised (1,292) (3,509) (54,836) (59,637)
on the Group’s and the Company’s historical experience and including forward-looking information.
At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 1,951 5,124 12,257 19,332
Definition of default
Change from stage reclassification:
The Group and the Company consider a financial asset to be in default when the borrower is unlikely to pay its
Assets that are not significant increase
in credit risk (154) 118 36 - credit obligations to the Group and the Company in full, without recourse by the Group and the Company.
Assets that are significant increase
In assessing whether a borrower is in default, the Group and the Company consider indicators that are:
in credit risk 908 (1,469) 561 -
- qualitative: e.g. it is becoming probable that the borrower will restructure the asset as a result of bankruptcy due
Assets that are credit impaired 12 81 (93) -
to the borrower’s inability to pay its credit obligations;
Change from remeasurement of ECL (1,353) (370) 1,338 (385)
- quantitative: e.g. the borrower is more than 90 days past due on any material credit obligation to the Group and
Acquired - - - -
the Company.
Derecognised (720) (1,929) (11,242) (13,891)
At 31 December 2025 644 1,555 2,857 5,056 Inputs into the assessment of whether a financial instrument is in default and their significance may vary over time to
reflect changes in circumstances.
Cash and cash equivalents and derivatives
Probability of default
The Group’s and the Company’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents and
Credit risk grades are a primary input into the determination of the probability of default. The Group and the
derivatives are limited because the counterparties are banks and financial institutions, which the Group
Company have collected repayment performance data of each receivable and input into statistical models to analyse
and the Company consider to have low credit risk.
the data collected and generate estimates of the lifetime PD based on contractual repayment. Then, the Group and
Collateral held and other credit enhancements the Company use the PD to estimate ECL.
In addition to determining counterparty credit quality through credit risk analysis, the Group and the
Incorporation of forward-looking information
Company also uses collateral as one type of credit risk mitigation to reduce potential credit losses to
ECL has been estimated by the probability weighted of default over the expected life of the financial instrument. It is
the Group and the Company. The Group and the Company consider the collateral value as at
based on the present value of all expected cash shortfalls carried by historical loss experience data for the group of
contractual effective date whether it is adequate to the Group’s and the Company’s acceptable risk.
assets that the Group and the Company consider credit risk to be similar such as types of financing and adjusted
Collateral is comprised of vehicles, agricultural machinery, real estatest, electrical appliances and
by current observed data, along with supportable and reasonable future forecasts if statistically correlated can be
equipment and whose values are appraised on an initial recognition of loan receivables or hire
proved.
purchase receivables.
251 252
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
The Group and the Company use base scenario as weighted probability scenario to measure the (in thousand Baht)
ECL. Consolidated financial statements
Remaining maturity periods
However, the Group and the Company review the assumptions and forecasts of the future
After 1 year
Within After
economic situations on a regular basis. In addition, the Group and the Company also consider to At call but within Total
1 year 5 years
5 years
provide the management overlay / underlay as a part of ECL.
2024
(b.2) Liquidity risk
Financial assets
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group and the Company will be unable to liquidate their financial Cash and cash equivalents 3,126,344 - - - 3,126,344
Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables (1), (2) - 88,823,156 104,535,198 6,884,739 200,243,093
assets and/or procure sufficient funds to discharge their obligations in a timely manner, resulting
Short-term loans - 251,964 - - 251,964
in the incurrence of a financial loss.
Pledged bank deposits - - - 14,000 14,000
Other financial assets - 219,084 - - 219,084
The Group and the Company monitor its liquidity risk and maintains a level of cash and cash
Total financial assets 3,126,344 89,294,204 104,535,198 6,898,739 203,854,485
equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group’s and the Company’s
operations and to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. Financial liabilities
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions - 8,713,592 - - 8,713,592
Financial assets and liabilities of the Group and the Company classified by remaining contractual Other payables - 2,112,431 - - 2,112,431
maturities. The amounts are gross and undiscounted and include contractual interest as at 31 Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - 15,924,707 13,565,696 - 29,490,403
Debentures - 35,089,742 60,529,320 - 95,619,062
December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
(in thousand Baht) Lease liabilities - 1,299,221 4,321,811 232,510 5,853,542
Consolidated financial statements Income tax payables - 831,907 - - 831,907
Remaining maturity periods Other financial liabilities - 101,753 - - 101,753
Total financial liabilities - 64,073,353 78,416,827 232,510 142,722,690
After 1 year
Within After
At call but within Total
1 year 5 years
5 years
(in thousand Baht)
Separate financial statements
2025
Remaining maturity periods
Financial assets
After 1 year
Within After
Cash and cash equivalents 4,995,363 - - - 4,995,363 At call but within Total
1 year 5 years
Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables (1), (2) - 97,419,656 119,002,923 8,039,282 224,461,861 5 years
Short-term loans - 277,757 - - 277,757
2025
Pledged bank deposits - - - 14,200 14,200
Financial assets
Other financial assets - 237,330 776,540 - 1,013,870
Cash and cash equivalents 4,847,699 - - - 4,847,699
Total financial assets 4,995,363 97,934,743 119,779,463 8,053,482 230,763,051
Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables (1), (2) - 92,979,480 113,980,156 8,012,180 214,971,816
Financial liabilities Other receivables - related parties - 4,855,528 - - 4,855,528
Short-term loans - 277,757 - - 277,757
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions - 2,720,496 - - 2,720,496
Long-term loans - related parties - 275,000 125,000 - 400,000
Other payables - 2,723,578 - - 2,723,578
Other financial assets - 237,269 776,540 - 1,013,809
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - 10,848,336 20,505,709 - 31,354,045
Debentures - 33,469,832 78,379,570 6,855,281 118,704,683 Total financial assets 4,847,699 98,625,034 114,881,696 8,012,180 226,366,609
Lease liabilities - 1,353,568 4,456,452 229,347 6,039,367
Financial liabilities
Income tax payables - 826,809 - - 826,809
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions - 2,720,496 - - 2,720,496
Other financial liabilities - 83,430 - - 83,430
Other payables - 2,678,175 - - 2,678,175
Total financial liabilities - 52,026,049 103,341,731 7,084,628 162,452,408
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - 10,848,336 20,505,709 - 31,354,045
(1)Before allowance for expected credit loss Debentures - 33,469,832 78,379,570 6,855,281 118,704,683
(2)Excluding receivables that are credit-impaired Lease liabilities - 1,353,568 4,456,452 229,347 6,039,367
Income tax payables - 780,126 - - 780,126
Other financial liabilities - 1,673,739 - - 1,673,739
Total financial liabilities - 53,524,272 103,341,731 7,084,628 163,950,631
(1)Before allowance for expected credit loss
(2)Excluding receivables that are credit-impaired
253 254
Part3Financial Statements 10 Financial Statements for the Year Ended 31 December 2025 Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht) The cash inflows and cash outflows disclosed in the above table represent the contractual undiscounted
Separate financial statements
cash flows relating to derivative financial liabilities held for risk management purposes and which are not
Remaining maturity periods
usually closed out before contractual maturity. The disclosure shows net cash flow amounts for derivatives
After 1 year
Within After that are net cash-settled and gross cash inflow and outflow amounts for derivatives that have simultaneous
At call but within Total
1 year 5 years
5 years gross cash settlement.
2024
(b.3) Market risk
Financial assets
The Group and the Company are exposed to the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial
Cash and cash equivalents 2,996,624 - - - 2,996,624
instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market prices. Market risk is as follows:
Loan receivables and hire purchase receivables (1), (2) - 84,847,817 100,290,759 6,869,001 192,007,577
Other receivables - related parties - 4,475,777 - - 4,475,777
(b.3.1) Foreign exchange rate risk
Short-term loans - 251,964 - - 251,964
Foreign exchange rate risk is the risk that occurs from changes in exchange rates which may cause volatility
Long-term loans - related parties - 462,500 400,000 - 862,500
Other financial assets - 218,992 - - 218,992 in expenses or affect the value of the financial liabilities. The Group and the Company are exposed to
Total financial assets 2,996,624 90,257,050 100,690,759 6,869,001 200,813,434 foreign exchange rate risk from borrowings and debentures in foreign currency. The Group and the
Company use derivatives (cross currency interest rate swap agreements) to manage volatility for foreign
Financial liabilities
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions - 8,713,592 - - 8,713,592 currency borrowings and debentures.
Other payables - 2,081,793 - - 2,081,793 (in thousand Baht)
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - 15,924,707 13,565,696 - 29,490,403
Debentures - 35,089,742 60,529,320 - 95,619,062
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
Lease liabilities - 1,299,221 4,321,811 232,510 5,853,542
Income tax payables - 814,079 - - 814,079
Other financial liabilities - 2,078,851 - - 2,078,851 USD JPY EUR SGD
Total financial liabilities - 66,001,985 78,416,827 232,510 144,651,322
2025
(1)Before allowance for expected credit loss
(2)Excluding receivables that are credit-impaired
Financial liabilities 29,298,843 1,349,308 1,115,763 2,947,392
Derivative 29,298,843 1,349,308 1,115,763 2,947,392
Exposure on statement of financial position
The remaining notional amount of derivative classified by remaining contractual maturities as at 31 December Cross currency interest rate swap agreements (29,298,843) (1,349,308) (1,115,763) (2,947,392)
2025 and 2024 were as follow: Net exposure - - - -
(in thousand Baht)
2024
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
Financial liabilities 17,880,739 1,898,391 1,235,554 -
After 1 year More than
Within 1 year Total Exposure on statement of financial position 17,880,739 1,898,391 1,235,554 -
but within 5 years 5 years
Cross currency interest rate swap agreements (17,880,739) (1,898,391) (1,235,554) -
2025
Net exposure - - - -
Cross currency interest rate swap agreements
used for hedging
(b.3.2) Interest rate risk
- Net cash (outflow) inflow (113,696) (407,893) - (521,589)
Interest rate risk is the risk that future movements in market interest rates will affect the Group’s and
2024
the Company’s operation results and its cash flows. The Group and the Company are primarily
Cross currency interest rate swap agreements
used for hedging exposed to interest rate risk from its lending, borrowings and debentures. The Group and the Company
mitigate this risk by ensuring that the majority of its lending, borrowings and debentures are at fixed
- Net cash (outflow) inflow (121,619) 258,083 - 136,464
interest rates and use derivatives (cross currency interest rate swap agreements) to manage exposure
to fluctuations in interest rates on specific borrowings and debentures.
255 256
Part3Financial Statements Annual Report 2025 (Form56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
2025 2024
Financial instruments with variable interest rates
Financial liabilities 16,931,909 15,492,353
Exposure on statement of financial position 16,931,909 15,492,353
Cross currency interest rate swap agreements (11,931,909) (10,534,353)
Net exposure 5,000,000 4,958,000
Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable-rate instruments
A reasonable possible change of 1% in interest rates at the reporting date; this analysis assumes that all other
variables remain constant.
(in thousand Baht)
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
Impact to profit or loss 1% increase in interest rate 1% decrease in interest rate
2025
Financial instruments with variable interest rates 125,880 (125,880)
Cross currency interest rate swap agreements (104,921) 104,921
Net cash flow sensitivity 20,959 (20,959)
2024
Financial instruments with variable interest rates 111,720 (111,720)
Cross currency interest rate swap agreements (62,004) 62,004
Net cash flow sensitivity 49,716 (49,716)
21. Capital management
The Board of Directors’ policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and
market confidence and to sustain future development of the business. The Board regularly monitors the return
on capital, by evaluating result from operating activities divided by total shareholders’ equity, excluding non-
controlling interests and also monitors the level of dividends to ordinary shareholders.
22. Events after the reporting period
On 17 February 2026, at the Company’s Board of Directors’ meeting passed resolutions to propose to the
Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for approval of a cash dividend payment of Baht 0.29 per share to
the shareholders from the net profit for the year 2025, in total of Baht 614.80 million.
257 258
Part4 Certification on the Correctness of Information Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Part 4
Certification on the
Correctness of Information
Certification on the Correctness of
Information and Attachments
11.1 Certification on the Correctness 261
of Information
11.2 Attachments 262
259 260
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
11.1 Certification on the
11.2 Attachments
Correctness of Information
The Company has reviewed the information in this annual report with caution. The Company Attachment 1 Details of the Board of Directors, Executives,
hereby certifies that such information is correct, complete, not false, and does not mislead the Person Taking the Highest Responsibility
others without the lack of information that should be disclosed in the material matters. The in Finance and Accounting, Company Secretary
Company also hereby certifies that:
Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors
Attachment 1.2 Details of Executives as of 31st December 2025
1. The financial statements and financial information summarized in the annual report have
Attachment 1.3 Details of the Person Taking the Highest Responsibility
already shown accurate and complete information about the financial position,
in Finance and Accounting
operational performance, and cash flow of the Company and its subsidiaries.
Attachment 1.4 Details of the Company Secretary
2. The Company provides a good information revelation system to ensure that the
Attachment 2 Details of the Subsidiaries’ Directors and Executives
Company has disclosed all material information of the Company and its subsidiaries
as of 31st December 2025
correctly and completely, including supervising the implementation of the mentioned
system.
Attachment 3 Policies and Guidelines of Good Corporate Governance
and Code of Conduct
3. The Company has established a good internal control system and supervised the
implementation of the mentioned system. Besides, the Company has also informed the
Attachment 4 Details of the Head of Internal Audit and
internal control system evaluation as of the latest available date to the Company’s
the Head of Compliance of the Company
auditor and the Audit Committee. This covers deficiencies and significant changes to the
internal control system including any wrongdoing possibly affecting the financial Attachment 5 Reports of the Sub-Committees of 2025
reporting of the Company and its subsidiaries.
In this regard, in order to prove that all documents are the same documents that are
correctly verified by the Company, the Company has assigned Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai
or Mr. Surat Chayavoradech to sign this document on every page. If any document is not
signed by Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai or Mr. Surat Chayavoradech as mentioned above, the
Company will consider it not the information that the Company has certified its accuracy.
Name Position Signature
1. Mr. Parithad Petampai Director and Chairman of the (Mr. Parithad Petampai)
Executive Committee
2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Director and Managing Director (Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai)
Authorized persons
1. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai Director and Managing Director (Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai)
2. Mr. Surat Chayavoradech Deputy Managing Director (Mr. Surat Chayavoradech)
261 262
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Details of the Board of Directors, Executives,
Attachment 1
the Person Taking the Highest Responsibility
in Finance and Accounting, Company Secretary
Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue)
Adm. Apichart Pengsritong Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai
77 years old 72 years old
Chairman of the Board of Directors Director
Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Managing Director
Type of Director Independent Director Work Experiences (continue) Type of Director Executive Director Shareholding Proportion
Date of Appointment 12th September 2012 Senior Advisor, Royal Thai Navy Date of Appointment 12th September 2012 720,000,000 shares: 33.9623% (As of 31st December 2025)
Deputy Supreme Commander Admiral
Years in Director Position 11 years 3 months 1)
Years in Director Position 11 years 3 months 1) Current Position in Other Listed Companies
Training
Education
- None
Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) class 82/2010 Education
Naval Cadet program, class 66, Royal Thai Naval Academy
Risk Management Program for Corporate Leaders
Master of Finance, Oklahoma City University Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed)
Naval Staff program, class 45, Royal Thai Naval Staff
(RCL 5/2016)
College Role of the Chairman Program (RCP) class 61/2025 Bachelor of Department of Banking and Finance, - None
Naval War program, class 28, Naval War College Chulalongkorn University
Shareholding Proportion
Navy-Australian Command & Staff College, Australian Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of
Work Experiences
Defense College 500,000 shares: 0.0236% (As of 31st December 2025) Interest
National Defense College Program, class 4515 Assistant Unit Manager - Credit Card, Head Office,
Current Position in Other Listed Companies - None
Kasikornbank PLC.
Work Experiences 2015 – Present
Assistant Branch Manager, Kasikornbank PLC. Legal Dispute
Navigator, H.T.M.S. Tachin 2) Chairman of the Board of Directors and Independent
Weapon Officer, H.T.M.S. Tachin2) Director, T.A.C. Consumer PCL. - None
Training
Executive Officer, H.T.M.S. Sarasin2)
Anti-submarine Officer, H.T.M.S. Makutrajakumarn 3) Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed) Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) class SET/2012 Meeting Attendance in 2025
Junior Gunnery Officer, H.T.M.S. Makutrajakumarn 3) - None Board of Directors 10/11 times
Gunnery Officer, H.T.M.S. Makutrajakumarn 3)
Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of
Executive Officer, H.T.M.S. Makutrajakumarn 3)
Interest
Commanding Officer, H.T.M.S. Supirin 3)
Deputy Chief of Staff, Bangkok Naval Station (Bangkok - None
Naval Base (in the present)) Legal Dispute
Naval Attache to Jakarta
- None
Assistant Secretary, Naval Secretariat Department
Assistant Director General, Naval Intelligence Department Meeting Attendance in 2025
Deputy Director General, Naval Intelligence Department
Board of Directors 11/11 times
Director of Sattahip Depp Sea Port Sattahip Naval Base
Board of Independent Directors 1/1 time
Commander, Submarine Squadron, Royal Thai Fleet
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 3/3 times
Director of Joint Logistics, Supreme Command Headquarter
Commandant, Royal Thai Naval Academy
Remark 1) The date is from when the Company was listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand on 27th November 2014. Remark 1) The date is from when the Company was listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand on 27th November 2014.
2) Stationed at Anti-submarine Squadron, Royal Thai Fleet
3) Stationed at Patrol Squadron, Royal Thai Fleet
263 264
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue) Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue)
Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan
73 years old 71 years old
Independent Director Independent Director
Chairman of the Audit Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Member of The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
Sustainability Committee Member of the Risk Management Committee
Type of Director Independent Director Shareholding Proportion
Type of Director Independent Director Shareholding Proportion
Date of Appointment 12th September 2012 800,000 shares: 0.0378% (As of 31st December 2025) Date of Appointment 29th March 2017 - None
Years in Director Position 11 years 3 months 1) Current Position in Other Listed Companies Years in Director Position 7 years 9 months Current Position in Other Listed Companies
Education 2010 – Present Director, Aira Capital PCL. Education - None
2009 – Present Adviser, Aira Securities PCL. Bachelor of Accountancy, Chulalongkorn University Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed)
Master of Finance, Washington State University
Bachelor of Economics, Chiang Mai University Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed) Work Experiences - None
Work Experiences - None 2014 - 2015 Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of
Chief of Customs Service Sub-division, Nakhonphanom, Interest
2011 – 2018 Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of
Customs house, Thai Customs
Chairman of the Audit Committee, PAPOP Co., Ltd. Interest - None
2012 – 2013
Training
- None Chief of Duty Accounting Sub-division, Suvarnabhumi Legal Dispute
Directors Certification Program (DCP) class 157/2012 Airport Passenger Control Customs Office, Customers
Legal Dispute - None
Advanced Audit Committee Program (AACP) class 13/2013 Department
Role of Nomination and Governance Committee (RNG) - None 2010 - 2011 Meeting Attendance in 2025
class 7/2015 Meeting Attendance in 2025 Chief of Duty-Free Zone Audit Sub-division, Board of Directors 11/11 times
Easy Listening Program : AC knowledge that accountants Tax Incentive Division, Customs Department Board of Independent Directors 1/1 time
Board of Directors 11/11 times
should not miss 2021
Board of Independent Directors 1/1 time Training Audit Committee 5/5 times
Easy Listening Program : AC knowledge that accountants
Audit Committee 5/5 times Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) class 137/2017 Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
should not miss 2022 Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
Advance Audit Committee Program (AACP) class 26/2017 4/4 times
Seminar on Dissemination of Research Results of Value 4/4 times
Risk Management Committee 4/4 times
of Audit 2022 Risk Management Program for Corporate Leasers (RCL)
Director Accreditation Program (DAP) class 223/2567 class 13/2018
COSO Bundles & Insights of Implementation in Real Easy Listening Program : AC knowledge that accountants
Cases should not miss 2021
ESG Risks Mitigation: Directors' Guide to Risk Inflection Points Easy Listening Program : AC knowledge that accountants
The Evolving Role of Audit Committee in Fostering Trust should not miss 2022
and Transparency Director Accreditation Program (DAP) class 223/2024
Next GEN: GRC + ESG, the New Framework of
Sustainable Growth
Remark 1) The date is from when the Company was listed in the Stock Exchange of Thailand on 27th November 2014.
265 266
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue) Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue)
Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Mr. Suchart Suphayak
44 years old 68 years old
Director Director
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Chairman of the Risk Management Committee
Member of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee Member of the Audit Committee
Member of the Risk Management Committee Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Type of Director Non-Executive Director Shareholding Proportion Type of Director Independent Director Shareholding Proportion
Date of Appointment 18th April 2019 355,030,300 shares: 16.746% (As of 31st December 2025) Date of Appointment 17th August 2020 - None
Years in Director Position 6 year 8 months Current Position in Other Listed Companies Years in Director Position 5 years 4 months Current Position in Other Listed Companies
Education - None Education 2008 – Present
Chairman of Corporate Governance, Nomination and
Doctor of Philosophy in Architectural Heritage Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed) Master of Business Administration, Chulalongkorn University
Remuneration Committee, Global Connections PLC
Management and Tourism, International Program, Faculty Bachelor of Accountancy, Assumption University
- None 2006 – Present
of Architecture, Silpakorn University
Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of Work Experiences Chairman of Audit Committee, Global Connections PLC
Master of Business Administration with two concentrations
2022 - Present
in Strategic Management and International Business, Sasin Interest 2018 – 2020
Chairman of Risk Management and Member of Audit
Graduate Institute of Business Administration of - None Director, Fill Up Network Co., Ltd.
Committee, Next Point PLC
Chulalongkorn University 2017 – 2021
Legal Dispute
Master of Science in Major Programme Management, Chairman of Audit Committee and Member of Audit Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed)
University of Oxford - None Committee, Advance Power Conversion Co., Ltd.
- None
Bachelor of Arts in International Management with a Meeting Attendance in 2025 2014 – 2016
Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of
Concentration in Finance, Dominican University of California Executive Director, ITEX Co., Ltd.
Board of Directors 11/11 times
2011 – 2017 Interest
Work Experiences
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 3/3 times
Associate judge, Juvenile and Family Court in Prachinburi - None
2015 – 2020 Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee 2007 – 2013
Silpakorn University International College: Lecturer 4/4 times Financial Consultant, Rermudom Co., Ltd. Legal Dispute
2012 – 2015 Risk Management Committee 4/4 times - None
Training
Silpakorn University International College: Guest Lecturer
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Training Directors Certification Program (DCP) class 72/2007
Board of Directors 11/11 times
Audit Committee Program (ACP) class 14/2007
Directors Certification Program (DCP) class 277/2019 Board of Independent Directors 1/1 time
Director Diploma Examination class 20/2007
Corporate Governance for Capital Market Intermediaries Audit Committee 5/5 times
Risk Management Program for Corporate Leaders
(CGI) class 22/2019 Nomination and Remuneration Committee 3/3 times
(RCL 24/2021)
Board Nomination and Compensation Program - BNCP Risk Management Committee 4/4 times
Easy Listening Program : AC knowledge that accountants
16/2023
should not miss 2021
Easy Listening Program : AC knowledge that accountants
should not miss 2022
Seminar on Dissemination of Research Results of Value
of Audit 2022
Board Nomination and Compensation Program (BNCP)
class 16/2023
The Evolving Role of Audit Committee in Fostering Trust
and Transparency
267 268
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue) Attachment 1.1 Details of the Board of Directors (Continue)
Mr. Parithad Petampai Mr. Chuchat Patcharachai
43 years old 72 years old
Director
Chairman of the Executive Committee The Founder of
Member of the Risk Management Committee
Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Type of Director Executive Director Shareholding Proportion
Type of Director Executive Director Shareholding Proportion
Date of Appointment 5th August 2025 1) 359,028,200 shares: 16.9352% (As of 31st December 2025) Date of Appointment 12th September 2012 - None
Current Position in Other Listed Companies
Years in Director Position 4 months Current Position in Other Listed Companies Years in Director Position 10 years 10 months
- None
- None
Education Date of Director Termination 5th August 2025
Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed)
MSc in Banking and International Finance, Bayes Business Current Position in Other Companies (Not Listed)
Education
- None
School (formerly Cass Business School), UK
- None
Master of Business Economics, Thammasat University
BEng (Hons) in Engineering with Business Finance, Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of
Position in the Company which might be Conflicts of Master of Finance, Oklahoma City University, USA
University College London, UK Interest
Interest Master of Business Administration, Naresuan University
Work Experiences - None
- None
Work Experiences
2019 – 2025 Legal Dispute
Deputy Managing Director Legal Dispute Industrial Finance Corporation of Thailand (IFCT)
- None
2015 – 2019 - None Kasikornbank Public Company Limited
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Assistant Managing Director, Muangthai Capital PCL. Directors Accreditation Program (DAP) class SET/2555
Meeting Attendance in 2025
2010 - 2014 Board of Directors 0/7 times
Training
Board of Directors 5/5 times
Co-founder & Board Member / Marketing Manager, Risk Management Committee 0/3 times
Real Asset Development Co., Ltd. Risk Management Committee 1/1 time Risk Management Program for Corporate Leaders (RCL
5/2016)
2007 – 2009
Credit Analyst, Kasikorn Bank
2006 - 2007
Treasury Analyst, Goldman Sachs International, London
Training
Director Accreditation Program (DAP) class 236/2025
Remark 1) He was first appointed as a Director and a member of the Risk Management Committee on 5th August 2025.
He attended the Company’s Board of Directors meeting for the first time on 5th August 2025 and attended
the Risk Management Committee meeting for the first time on 7th November 2025.
269 270
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 1.2 Details of Executives as of 31st December 2025 Attachment 1.3 Details of the Person Taking the Highest Responsibility in Finance and Accounting
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Family Work Experience
Age Shareholding Relationship
Name/Position Education
(year) Proportion between the Period Position Company Type of Sections Details
Directors Business
Mr. Surapong 64 Master of Business Administration, 0.0462 Brother-in-law of 2019 –Present Deputy Managing Director Muangthai Capital Title loan Full Name Mr. Surat Chayavoradech
Pechaumpai University of the Thai Chamber the Managing (Senior) PCL.
Age 56 years old
Senior Deputy and Commerce Barrister at Law Director’s spouse
2013 –2019 Deputy Managing Director
Managing Director
Institute of Legal Education 2008 –2013 Assistant Managing Director Education Master Degree in Finance (MIF), Thammasat University
(Thai bar Association) 1987–2008 Assistant Branch Affairs
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Chulalongkorn University
Manager
2011 –Present Director Muangthai Leasing Insurance broker Bachelor of Accountancy (BA), Chulalongkorn University
Insurance Broker Co.,Ltd.
Date of Appointment 17th January 2013
Mr. Surat 56 Master degree in Finance, - - 2019 –Present Deputy Managing Director Muangthai Capital PCL. Title loan
Chayavoradech (International Program) 2013 –2019 Assistant Managing Director Work Experience in the Company 2021 – Present Deputy Managing Director, Muangthai Capital PCL.
Deputy Thammasat University
2013 – 2021 Assistant Managing Director, Muangthai Capital PCL.
Managing Director Master of Business
Administration, Chulalongkorn Shareholding(Shares/Percent) None
University
Family Relationship between None
Ms. Duangkhae Songnuy 58 Master of Management 0.0540 - 2019 –Present Assistant Managing Director Muangthai CapitalPCL. Title loan
the Directors and Executives
Assistant and Organization, Dhurakij 2015 –2019 Debt Collection Manager
Managing Director Pundit University
Positions in Other Companies None
Ms. Vimonrat Nujul 56 Master of Accountancy, 0.0248 - 2023 –Present Assistant Managing Director MuangthaiCapital PCL. Title loan Director Position in Other None
Assistant Dhurakij Pundit University 2017 –2023 Accounting Manager
Companies
Managing Director
2012 –2017 Deputy Accounting Manager
2004 –2012 Assistant Accounting Manager Training 2016
2012 –Present Director Muangthai Leasing Insurance broker
Self-Study CDP Batch 1
Insurance Broker Co.,Ltd.
2017
Mr. Amnat Niamsee 61 Master of Public Administration, 0.0054 - 2023–Present Assistant Managing Director MuangthaiCapital PCL. Title loan
Assistant National Institute of Development 2019 –2023 Branch Affairs Manager Self-Study CDP Batch 1
Managing Director Administration (Phitsanulok) 2016 –2019 Deputy Branch Self-Study CPD Batch 2
Affairs Manager
Preparation to be Auditor and Internal audit “Working Paper for Better Corruption Prevention
2005 –2016 Assistant Branch
Orientation Course – CFO focus on financial reporting Batch 2
Affairs Manager
2018
Mr. Banyat Ninsiri 53 Master of Public Administration, 0.0009 - 2024 –Present Debt Collection Manager MuangthaiCapital PCL. Title loan
Debt Collection Manager National Institute of Development 2021 –2024 Deputy Branch Affairs Self-Study CPD Batch 1
Administration (Phitsanulok) Manager
2019
2011 –2021 Assistant BranchAffairs
Manager Self-Study CPD Batch 1
Self-Study CPD Batch 3
Mr. Niyom Rodnoi 55 Master of Public Administration, 0.0207 - 2023 –Present Deputy Branch Affairs MuangthaiCapital PCL. Title loan
Deputy National Institute of Development Manager 2020
Branch Affairs Manager Administration (Phitsanulok)
2012 -2023 Assistant BranchAffairs
Financial Risk Management & Strategies in Digital World Course Batch 1
Manager
Retail Credit Scoring Model Development and Application Batch 5
Mr. Pradit Thongkhum 60 Bachelor of Education, 0.0057 - 2014 –Present Assistant BranchAffairs MuangthaiCapital PCL. Title loan The effect of IFRS 9 accounting standard to Financial Institutions Batch 8
Assistant Uttaradit Rajabhat Manager
Branch Affairs Manager University 2023
Subsidiary Governance Program (SGP 6)
Mr. Songkran Eiamkai 55 Bachelor of Education, 0.0004 - 2014 –Present Assistant BranchAffairs MuangthaiCapital PCL. Title loan
Assistant Phetchabun Rajabhat Manager 2024
Branch Affairs Manager University
CFO Refresher Course 2024 “Preparation for financial, investing and accounting
issues which effected listed companies”
2025
CFO Professional Development Program (7/2025) : ISSB Standard Report (IFRS S1 / IFRS S2)
CFO Professional Development Program (8/2025) : Three Lines of Defense model for CFO
Treasury Management by Thailand federation of accounting professions (TFAC)
271 272
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 1.3 Details of the Person Taking the Highest Responsibility in Finance and Accounting (Continue) Attachment 1.4 Details of the Company Secretary
Chief Accountant
Sections Details
Full Name Miss Chutharat Thingkot
Sections Details
Age 26 years old
Full Name Miss Vimonrat Nujul
Education Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration and Management, North Bangkok University
Age 56 years old
Date of Appointment 6th August 2024
Education Master of Accounting, Dhurakij Pundit University
Work Experience in the Company 2024 – Present Company Secretary, Muangthai Capital PCL.
Bachelor of Accounting, Ramkhamhaeng University
2022 – 2024 Assistant Company Secretary, Muangthai Capital PCL.
Date of Appointment 7th March 2003
Shareholding(Shares/Percent) None
2023 - Present Assistant Managing Director, Muangthai Capital PCL.
Family Relationship between the None
Work Experience in the Company 2017 – 2023 Accounting Manager, Muangthai Capital PCL. Directors and Executives
2012 - 2017 Deputy Accounting Manager, Muangthai Capital PCL.
Positions in Other Companies None
Shareholding(Shares/Percent) 504,000 shares / 0.0238 percent (As of 31st December 2025)
Director Position in Other None
Family Relationship between the None Companies
Directors and Executives
Training 2022
Positions in Other Companies None
Seminar: DAP e-Shareholder Meeting 2023
Director Position in Other Muangthai Leasing Insurance Broker Co., Ltd.
Seminar: Director Nomination and Appointment
Companies
Seminar: Meeting’s Minutes Arrangement Techniques
Training 2016 Seminar: Information Disclosure via SET Link for Listed Companies
Tax system from revenue-expenditure of business course in the end of the year
2023
Accounting setting techniques to correspond with financial reporting standard course
Seminar: Information Disclosure via SET Link No.1-3
2017 Seminar: Directors’ Meeting Arrangement Techniques
Seminar: CGR Checklist Criteria
Accounting standard and accurate tax transactions course
Seminar: Quality assessment of Annual/Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders
Things that should be aware when submitting financial statements in 2020 and
Seminar: AGM Checklist by Thai Investors Association
preparation before submitting a financial statement in 2021
Company Secretary Training Program
2018 Seminar: ASEAN CG Scorecard Coaching
Accounting tools and mitigate risk course
2024
Documents received – paid updated in under the new law course
Seminar: Information Disclosure via SET Link No.1-3
2019 Seminar: Criteria of CGR Program Survey
5 Steps New TFRS 15: affect to accounting-tax Seminar: Roles and Responsibilities of Company Secretary
Accounting & Taxation Update which accountants have to know Seminar: ESG Arrangement for Analysts and Investors
2020
2025
In-depth of financial analysis course
Seminar: Information Disclosure via SET Link No.1
Tax benefits and accounting implications
Seminar: CGR Workshop
2021 Seminar: ACMF-ISSB Virtual Technical Training Workshop for Corporates
PDPA for Accounting and Finance Company Secretary Program (CSP) class 159
Problem solving and accounting-tax auditing strategies for accounting managers Seminar: e-One Report to Annual ReportFramework
Data Analytics for Internal Auditor Seminar: CS Knowledge Sharing No.3/2025: Director Remuneration Guidelines
Seminar: Criteria of 2027 CGR Program
Seminar: CS Knowledge Sharing No.4/2025: Shareholders’ Meeting Notice Preparation
273 274
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 1.4 Details of the Company Secretary (Continue) Attachment 2 Details of the Subsidiaries’ Directors and Executives
as of 31st December 2025
Duties and Responsibilities of Company Secretary
According to the Board of Directors meeting No.6/2024 on 6th August 2024, the Board of Director approved
Muangthai Leasing
appointing Miss Chutharat Thingkot to be the Company Secretary in order to align with section 89/15 of the Name List Muangthai Capital Public Insurance Broker Muangthai Leasing Muangthai Pay Later
Company Limited Company Limited Company Limited
Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535 (1992) as amended by Securities and Exchange Act (No.4) B.E. 2551 (2008). Company Limited
The following are responsibilities of the Company Secretary.
1. Mr. Parithad Petampai /, // / / /
1. To supervise and make recommendations to the Board about legal compliances rules and regulations of 2. Mrs. Daonapa Patcharachai /, M / / /
regulators and of the Company itself as well as monitor the Company’s operations on a regular basis to
3. Mr. Surapong Pechaumpai M / - -
ensure all activities are conducted in accordance with relevant laws.
4. Ms. Vimonrat Nujul M / - -
2. To arrange the Board’s meetings and shareholders’ meetings and coordinate with related parties to ensure
5. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai / - / /
that the resolutions from the Board’s meetings and shareholders’ meeting are carried out.
3. To supervise the disclosure of the Company’s information and information technology report complied with Remark / = Directors
The Stock Exchange of Thailand, The Securities and Exchange Commission and other related regulations. // = Chairman of Executive Committee
M = Executives
4. To prepare a report and store the following documents:
4.1 Director Registration
Policies and Guidelines of Good Corporate Governance
Attachment 3
4.2 Notices and minutes of the Board’s meetings
and Code of Conduct
4.3 Notices and minutes of shareholders’ meetings
4.4 The Company’s annual reports
4.5 The Board’s conflict of interest reports
Good Corporate Governance Policies and Guidelines
In this regard, the Company realizes and attaches importance to good corporate governance, therefore, the
Muangthai Capital PCL. discloses the policies and guidelines or Scan QR Code
Company Secretary has undergone important training courses organized by Thai Listed Companies
Association and other courses/programs related to duties and responsibilities of company secretary organized following the principles of good Corporate Governance
by regulators such as the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET), The Securities and Exchange Commission (full version) on its website. Learn more via the link:
(SEC), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD) etc.
investor.muangthaicap.com/storage/document/policies/mtc-good-corporate-governance-guidelines-en.pdf
investor.muangthaicap.com/storage/document/policies/
5. Submit a copy of conflict of interest, complying with Section 89/14, to the Chairman of Board of Directors
mtc-good-corporate-governance-guidelines-en.pdf
and the Chairman of the Audit Committee for review within 7 business days from the date the Company
receives the report.
6. Perform other actions as specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In the event that the company secretary retires or unable to perform duties. The Board of Directors shall appoint a
new company secretary within 90 days from the date of retirement or inability perform duties as the pervious
Code of Conduct Guidelines
company secretary. The Board shall authorize any directors to perform duties as the company secretary during that or Scan QR Code
period.
Muangthai Capital PCL. discloses the Code of Conduct
Chairman of the Board of Directors shall announce name of a new company secretary to the Securities and guidelines (full version) on its website.
Exchange Commission (SEC) within 14 days from the date of appointment of the person responsible for the position, Learn more via the link:
and in accordance with Article 4 specifying the storage location of the documents to the SEC.
investor.muangthaicap.com/storage/document/policies/mtc-code-of-conduct-guidelines-en.pdf
investor.muangthaicap.com/storage/document/policies/
mtc-code-of-conduct-guidelines-en.pdf
275 276
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 4 Details of the Head of Internal Auditor and Attachment 4 Details of the Head of Internal Auditor and
the Head of Compliance of the Company the Head of Compliance of the Company
(Continue)
Details of the Head of Internal Auditor Details of the Head of Compliance
Section Detail Section Detail
Full Name Mr. Chalerm Inhom Full Name Mr. Kanechchan Santisombutkasam
Age 50 years old Age 29 years old
Education Master of Business Administration and Management, Ramkhamhaeng University Education Bachelor degree in Law, Thammasat University
Bachelor of Accountancy, The University of Central Thailand, Nakhon Sawan
Work Experiences 2023 – Present Assistant Compliance Specialist and Assistant Compliance Specialist and Data
Work Experiences 2023 – Present Deputy Internal Audit Manager, Muangthai Capital PCL. Protection Officer, Muangthai Capital PCL.
2015 – 2023 Assistant Internal Audit Manager, Muangthai Capital PCL. 2020 – 2022 Corporate Lawyer, specializing in company registration, business law advisory,
2008 - 2015 Supervisor of Internal Audit Department, Muangthai Capital PCL. contract review and drafting, legal documentation, and certification of signatures
Trainings Personal Data Protection Act for Internal Audit (PDPA for Internal Audit) and documents in compliance with applicable laws and professional standards
Fraud in the organization from internal audit along with internal control to set up policies 2017 – 2020 Freelance (Legal and Linguistic)
on anti-fraud and anti-corruption
Trainings Data Protection Officer in Action Batch 26/2025
Anti-fraud in organization, class 15 for 6 days
PDPA 2023 Update and Royal Decree on Digital Platforms Training
Anti-Corruption: The Practical Guide 26/2016
Training on the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing course
Audit report writing
Training on Market Conduct and Responsible Lending: Supervision of responsible and fair credit
ACE role for Corporate Governance
practices for hire-purchase and leasing businesses, organized by the Thai Hire-Purchase
Evidence of examination of working paper
Association.
Assurance quality of the internal audit
Training on the preparation of electronic hire-purchase contracts as recognized by law, e-
Fraud Risk Management Framework Class 2/2022
signature 2024, and updates on the Digital Platform Service, organized by the Thai Hire-
Seminar on publishing study results of the Value of Audit project for the year 2022
Purchase Association.
RIC Knowledge Sharing 4/2024 : IT Disruption and IT Risk
Training on the Debt Collection Act (2015) updated for 2024, PDPA, debt
CAE Chief Audit Executive Professional Leadership Program Class 6/2025
collection/repossession practices, and professional governance, organized by the Thai Hire-
Purchase Association.
Responsibilities Set an audit plan and present to the Audit Committee for approval.
Review and evaluate the efficiency and sufficiency of the internal audit of the risk
Responsibilities Oversee and advise on the Company's personal Information protection compliance with
management. Also, supervise the business operations and the adequacy of risk
relevant laws, monitor policy implementation, and coordinate with relevant regulators
management policy.
Prepare of the annual compliance program and manual of Compliance Department.
Assess the accuracy, credibility, quality and adequacy of the internal control system and
Review the Compliance Department Charter (Compliance Charter)
the security of the information technology.
Review policies for fair customer service management (Market Conduct)
Monitor and review the internal business operation to be aligned with the Company’s plans,
Review policies and procedures and ensure compliance with laws on the prevention and
rules, and regulations and other related rules and regulations to assess the efficiency and
suppression of money laundering, the prevention and suppression of the financing of
quality of the internal management system.
terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, including the reporting of
Report the internal audit assessment result to the Audit Committee regularly every quarter.
cash transactions and suspicious transactions
Also, to propose the solution to improve the process along with the operation method for
Review the Personal Data Protection Policy (PDPA).
the Company to have an adequate internal control system.
Comply with personal data protection guidelines such as Data Protection Impact Assessment
(DPIA), data subject rights claim management persons, notifications and remedies for
personal data subjects, etc.
Training employees on relevant laws such as the anti-money laundering law, the law on
personal data protection
Review the operations related to the law and related regulations.
Examine the operation of departments within the Company to be in accordance with the
policies, plans, rules and regulations of the Company. Including requirements, laws or relevant
rules and propose guidelines for completeness, accuracy and appropriateness.
Review the accuracy of Client Protection according to international principles of Cerise+SPTF.
Advising on laws related to the Company.
277 278
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 5 Reports of the Sub-Committees of 2025 Attachment 5.1 Report of the Audit Committee of 2025 (Continue)
3. Review of Compliance
Attachment 5.1 Report of the Audit Committee of 2025
The Audit Committee reviewed the Company’s operations and observed that the Company has complied with
the Securities and Exchange Act, the regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand, and other relevant laws or
The Audit Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors, performing scope of duties and responsibilities
regulations pertaining to the Company’s business, such as Debt Collection Act, Personal Data Protection Act and
as specifying on the Audit Committee’s charter. It is delegated by the Board of Directors, operates in
anti-corruption policy as well as changes in various standards that affect the Company’s business operations.
accordance with best practices and the criteria set forth in the regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand
and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Audit Committee places strong emphasis on establishing
4. Consideration of Related-Party Transactions or Transactions Potentially Creating Conflicts of Interest
systematic processes for good corporate governance, risk management, and adequate internal controls, as
well as ensuring an effective and efficient internal audit function. The Audit Committee consists of 3 qualified The Audit Committee reviewed transactions that might be related-party transactions or transactions
independent directors whose names are as follows: that could potentially create conflicts of interest of the Company. The processes have been adhered
to principles of fairness, reasonableness, transparency and considering the benefits of all parties
1. Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham Chairman of the Audit Committee and Independent Director involved. The Company has ensured adequate disclosure of information in accordance with the
requirements of the Stock Exchange of Thailand and the Securities and Exchange Commission.
2. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Member of the Audit Committee and Independent Director
3. Mrs. Nongnuch Davasuwan Member of the Audit Committee and Independent Director 5. Consideration of Nomination and Appointment of the Auditors and Their Remuneration
The Audit Committee considered the auditors’ performance of the previous year, including knowledge, experience,
In the fiscal year 2025, the Audit Committee held a total of 5 meetings with all members of the Audit
credibility, the sufficiency of resources, the independence assessment and quality of the auditor’s work. The
Committee attending. Within this number, there was 1 meeting held jointly with the auditors without the
remuneration of the auditors was considered the scope of the auditor’s responsibilities and remuneration of
Management, aimed at addressing issues identified during the audit and matters deemed important by the
auditors from other firms. It was deemed appropriate and proposed to the Board of Directors for approval at the
auditors. This was intended to promote good corporate governance and enhance transparency in financial
shareholders’ meeting in 2025. The shareholders’ meeting resolved to appoint KPMG Phoomchai Audit Co., Ltd.
reporting to the Company. The meeting outcomes were summarized and reported to the Board of Directors
to be the auditors of the Company and its subsidiaries with the list of auditors as follows:
quarterly. The summary of key operational practices is as follows:
1. Ms. Orawan Chunhakitpaisan Certified Public Accountant No. 6105 and/or
1. Review of Financial Reports 2. Ms. Sureerat Thongarungsang Certified Public Accountant No. 4409 and/or
The Audit Committee examined and reviewed the quarterly financial statements, the annual financial 3. Mr. Chokechai Ngamwutikul Certified Public Accountant No. 9728
statements for the fiscal year 2025 and the matters that might conflict on the Company’s interests to
and received the audit fee of 5,300,000 Baht, excluding other expenses.
ensure that the Company’s financial reports were accurately prepared in accordance with financial
reporting standards. The preparation of the Company’s financial statements was reliable and
6. Review of the Audit Committee Charter
trustworthy, with adequate and timely disclosure of significant information to financial statement. It
The Audit Committee has performed its duties as assigned by the Board of Directors and in
complied with relevant laws and regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) and the
accordance with the responsibilities specified in the Audit Committee Charter with caution, prudence,
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
independence, appropriately expressing opinions, transparency and verifiable consistent with good
2. Review of Internal Control and Internal Audit System corporate governance principles as well as giving honest opinions and suggestions for the utmost
benefit of the Company and fairness to shareholders, stakeholders without restricting obtaining
The Audit Committee considered and approved the annual audit plan for 2025 of the Internal Audit
information, resources and cooperation from the Company.
Department, and has regularly monitored the progress every quarter. It reviewed significant risk areas
and provided recommendations, as well as valuable insights to ensure that the internal control
The Audit Committee was of the opinion that the Company's financial statements and information
processes have been capable of preventing or reducing errors in operations. Additionally, it assessed
disclosure were complete, reliable, and in line with accounting standards according to generally accepted
the adequacy and sufficiency of workforce and the independence of the Internal Audit Department.
accounting principles. The auditors were independent and performed the duties as a professional. The risk
Furthermore, it evaluated the performance of the Head of the Internal Audit Department. The Audit
management and internal control system have been effective and appropriate. The internal audits have
Committee was of the opinion that the Company’s internal control and internal audit systems have
been proceeded independently, covering high-risk operational processes and auditing processes that are in
been adequately suitable, effective, and continuously developed. Moreover, the Internal Audit
line with internal audit standards as well as supervising the operation to be in accordance with the laws or
Department has carried out its duties independently, transparently and fairly.
regulations appropriately consistent with the current business environment.
(Mrs. Kongkaew Piamduaytham)
Chairman of the Audit Committee
279 280
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 5.2 Report of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 2025 Attachment 5.2 Report of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of 2025
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors, responsible for 6. Monitored and periodically reviewed the succession planning framework with the objective of ensuring
nominating qualified individuals to propose for a director appointment. Its duties include director nomination organizational readiness in terms of personnel development and supporting the sustained continuity of
for appointment to serve as a member of sub-committees and consideration of the director remuneration form the Company's management functions over the long term.
and criteria to propose the Board of Directors and the shareholders’ meeting for approval respectively. All
members of the committee are well-qualified directors, consistent with the charters as required by the In summary, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has diligently fulfilled its duties and responsibilities
Company. Moreover, they do not have prohibited characteristics and are able to perform the duties to assigned by the Board of Directors with caution, prudence, transparency, and fairness. The Nomination and
achieve the committee’s objectives. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee, appointed by the Board of Remuneration Committee has concluded that the Board of Directors and sub-committees in 2025 were
Directors, consists of 3 members as follows: appropriately structured, composed, and qualified in a manner consistent with the Company's business
profile and operational objectives. Furthermore, the remuneration and other benefits as disclosed were
1. Adm. Apichart Pengsrithong Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee assessed to be fair, reasonable, and consistent with the scope of roles and responsibilities, prevailing
economic conditions, and the overall operating performance of the Company.
and Independent Director
2. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
and Independent Director)
3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (Adm. Apichart Pengsritong)
Chairman of the Nomination and
In 2025, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held a total of 3 meetings with all the members Remuneration Committee
attending the meetings to consider various matters. It has reported the meeting results and opinions to the
Board of Directors for consideration continually. The reports encompassed essential information regarding the
fulfillment of duties assigned by the Board of Directors, ensuring comprehensive adhering to the principles of
good corporate governance, aiming for a balanced and sustainable benefit of all stakeholders.
Attachment 5.3 Report of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee of 2025
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee’s performance of 2025 is summarized as follows: The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors, responsible
for regulating, monitoring, promoting the Company’s operations to align with good Corporate Governance
1. Considered appointing one new director, Mr. Parithad Petampai, to replace a director who vacated principles and Code of Conduct guidelines since compliance with such principles is one of the foremost
their position before term completion, serving the remainder of the unexpired term. The selection took policies and crucial mission of the Company. It holds a priority for the Board of Directors, executives and
into account qualifications, expertise, and experience aligned with the Company's business and employees to practice and ensure the operational processes aligning with these policies and guidelines. The
strategic direction, ensuring the Board remains appropriately composed and fully capable of effective Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee consists of 3 members as follows:
and continuous governance oversight.
2. Considered and nominated qualified persons to assume the position of directors, filling vacancies due 1. Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham Chairman of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
to the expiration of the directorship term of the Board members and proposed the Board of Directors and Independent Director
for appointment. This ensures an adequate number of Board members and aligns with the Company’s
2. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Member of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
growth.
and Independent Director
3. Provided an opportunity for minority of shareholders to propose agendas and individuals for
nominating as a director of the Company with the period of 3 months before the Annual General 3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Member of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) scheduled for 2026 (from 1st October 2025 – 31st December 2025),
This initiative, guided by the principle of Good Corporate Governance, aims for the overall benefit of In 2025, the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee held a total of 4 meetings with all the
the Company and stakeholders. However, none of the shareholders proposed agendas or any members attending the meetings to consider various matters. It focused on the essence of adhering to the
individuals for the director nomination process for 2026 AGM. principles of good corporate governance and empathizing with all stakeholders.
4. Scrutinized and proposed the remuneration of the Board of Directors and sub-committees, aligning The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee has continuously reported the meeting results and
with the scope of duties and responsibilities, in accordance with the Company’s operating results. The opinions to the Board of Directors. The performance of 2025 is summarized as follows:
criteria for consideration are based on comparison to other companies in the same industry and
linkage to the overall performance of the Company. The remuneration was proposed to the Board of
1. Approved the review and improvement of good Corporate Governance and Code of Conduct
Directors for approval prior to being submitted to the shareholders for consideration and approval at
guidelines, charters of the Board of Directors and the Corporate Governance and Sustainability
the AGM.
Committee to align with current business operations, laws, criteria and relevant practices.
5. Considered and proposed a qualified director to serve as a member of sub-committees. The proposal
2. Approved the review and improvement of the Anti-Corruption policy.
is scheduled to propose the Board of Directors for consideration on appointing members based on
each sub-committee’s suitability. 3. Approved the policies of social, environmental and stakeholder responsibility to promote business
operations in line with corporate governance practices.
281 282
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 5.3 Report of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee of 2025 (Continue) Attachment 5.3 Report of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee of 2025 (Continue)
4. Reviewed and monitored the operational performance following the plans of good Corporate The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee believes that the convergence of sound governance,
Governance and the social, community and environmental responsibility to be consistent with the unwavering ethical standards, and a genuine commitment to sustainable development, spanning economic,
Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies (CG Code) as regulated by the Securities and
social, and environmental dimensions, will be the defining factors in the Company's journey toward becoming
Exchange Commission (SEC).
a leading, enduring organization. These principles, consistently upheld, will cultivate deep and lasting trust
5. Continuously supported and promoted the Company’s activities related to Corporate Social among shareholders, investors, and every stakeholder the Company serves.
Responsibility by establishing a children development center annually, which rotates around branches’
Moreover, the Company recognizes corruption as a major barrier to national economic and social progress,
area. This project has been established since 2012. In 2025, the children development centers, under
and has made a clear and firm commitment to opposing it in all forms. As a member of the Collective Action
the “New Home for Chance” project, were delivered a total of 2 centers; the 31st center in Ban Pong
Coalition Against Corruption (CAC), the Company has upheld this stance as a core element of its good
Subdistrict, Hang Dong District, Chiang Mai Province and the 32nd center in Tha Takiap Subdistrict,
governance and responsible business conduct.
Tha Takiap District, Chachoengsao Province.
6. Continued the “MTC – Unite for the Community” project for 3 consecutive years to increase access For the Company’s operations in 2025, the Company received awards and ratings for compliance with good
to healthcare systems and reduce inequality among rural communities. There were 20 modified Corporate Governance principles and sustainability practices, both domestically and internationally, as follows:
motorcycles provided to 20 Subdistrict Health Promotion Hospitals in Suphanburi and Pattani
provinces. This initiative benefits medical personnel who conduct an on-site operation as well as
1. The Company has announced the result of Corporate Governance assessment of listed companies in
providing medicines directly to the households.
the Stock Exchange of Thailand for 2025 as being in the “Excellent” level (5 stars) for 8 consecutive
7. Supported the “Blood for Chance” project. In 2025, the Company set a target of 9,800 participants years by Thai Institute of Directors Association (IOD).
for blood donation. During the period of 4 months tracking (June – September 2025), there were
2. The Company has received an “Excellent” (4 coins) rating for a quality assessment from the Thai
9,336 participants or 56.12 percent of all employees, increasing from 2024 representing 15.46 percent
Investors Association in evaluating the quality of organizing the 2025 Annual General Meeting of
(1,250 participants). The blood from the donation was able to help over 28,008 patients.
Shareholders.
8. The Company has continued to carry forward its “MTC - I-Tech for Teens” project through the 3. The Company received the ASEAN Asset Class PLCs Award from ASEAN Corporate Governance
donation of 10 computers to Chaikhaowittaya School, located in Moo 5, Nam Rit Sub-district, Mueang Scorecard 2024, ranking among the top 74 Thai listed companies with an impressive corporate
Uttaradit District, Uttaradit Province. Until now, cumulative donations under this project have exceeded governance score of 97.50.
100 computers in total. The computers provided in this donation were sourced from decommissioned
4. The Company achieved its third CAC membership certification on 30th June 2025 (second renewal)
equipment that was subsequently refurbished, repaired, and restored to serviceable condition, in a
reaffirming its sustained commitment to anti-corruption principles under the Thai Private Sector
deliberate effort to mitigate the generation of electronic waste (E-Waste) and its potential long-term
Collective Action Against Corruption.
adverse consequences for ecosystems and the broader environment. Not only for its environmental
5. The Company has maintained a long-term foreign currency issuer default rating of “BB” and a long-
objectives, but this project is also directed toward addressing educational inequality by supplying
term national rating of “A-(tha)” with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings.
computers to underprivileged schools, with the aim of supporting learning, developing digital
competencies, and promoting equitable and broad-based access to technology among Thai children 6. The Company has maintained a long-term foreign currency issuer default rating of “BB-” with a stable
and youth. outlook by S&P Global Ratings.
9. The Company provided a donation of medical equipment to Sukhothai Hospital valued at 2.7 million 7. The Company has received the Best CEO, Best CFO, and Best IR awards in the finance and
Baht in total, with the objective of supporting medical treatment and strengthening patient care securities sector from the Investment Analysts Association at the IAA Awards for Listed Companies
capabilities at the provincial hospital level. The donated equipment consisted of 4 portable volume- 2025 for 2 consecutive years.
and pressure-controlled ventilators and 2 biphasic defibrillators fitted with blood oxygen and carbon
8. The Company was assessed on the Thailand Sustainability Investment (THSI) and received SET ESG
dioxide measurement modules. The full complement of equipment is intended for deployment in the
Rating of “AA” for 2025.
care of critically ill patients, with the aim of improving treatment prospects, mitigating risk in
9. The Company received a Thailand Capital Markets Deal Award organized by IFR Asia Awards 2024, a
emergency scenarios, and addressing the continued public health needs of remote and geographically
lead journalist of finance and capital in Asia and an international level recognized.
underprivileged areas.
10.The Company achieved a significant milestone with its first-ever issuance of social bonds in
10.The Company has been committed to community and social development as an integral part of its
international markets under Regulation S/144A, raising USD 350 million under its Global Medium Term
business growth, and has signed an agreement to construct the "Chitmetta Chuchat-Daonapa"
Note (GMTN) Program valued at USD 3 billion which is the framework for issuing debentures in the
Building (4th building), serving as Outpatient Building and Dental Center at Kong Krailat Hospital, Kong
foreign capital market. This opportunity gives the Company to access the source of capital more
Krailat District, Sukhothai Province, at a value of 50 million Baht to extend opportunities for improved
efficient and be able to manage financial costs to ensure the Company’s long-term growth plan.
medical care access to the community. This project aims working toward its goal of providing hospital
facilities across all 9 districts of Sukhothai Province to meet rising patient demand and improve the
effectiveness of healthcare delivery.
283 284
Attachments Annual Report 2025 (Form 56-1 One Report) Muangthai Capital Public Company Limited
Attachment 5.3 Report of the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee of 2025 (Continue) Attachment 5.4 Report of the Risk Management Committee of 2025
11.The Company issued two tranches of senior and unsecured social bonds with a bondholder The Risk Management Committee is appointed by the Board of Directors, responsible for supervising risk
representative and a guarantee provided by the Credit Guarantee and Investment Facility (CGIF) management frameworks, regulating and supporting the implementation of risk management to be in
which is a credit guarantee fund established by Asian Development Bank (ADB), totaling SGD 129 accordance with the business strategies and goals to reduce the impact of various risk factors both external
million, offered to institutional investors overseas. and internal factors. Additionally, its roles and responsibilities are assigned by the Board of Directors. The
Risk Management Committee consists of 4 directors.
12.The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (SMBC) jointly
provided USD 200 million in financing to the Company, directed toward improving financial access for
1. Mr. Suchart Suphayak Chairman of the Risk Management Committee
women-owned MSMEs in rural Thailand.
and Independent Director
The results of the Company's performance and the assessments conducted are reflective of its steadfast 2. Mrs. Nongnuch Dawasuwan Member of the Risk Management Committee
dedication to operating in strict adherence to good governance principles. The Corporate Governance and and Independent Director
Sustainability Committee expresses strong confidence that the pursuit of transparent business practices, in 3. Dr. Suksit Patcharachai Member of the Risk Management Committee
conjunction with the continuous development and enhancement of corporate governance standards, will and Non-Executive Director
constitute a critical foundation for the achievement of stable and sustainable long-term organizational growth.
4. Mr. Parithad Petampai Member of the Risk Management Committee
This, in turn, will serve to foster and sustain the confidence of shareholders, investors, and all stakeholder
and Executive Director
constituencies.
In 2025, the Risk Management Committee held a total of 4 meetings, with all members attending every
As a listed company, the Company remains committed to continuously improving and developing its
meeting. The Committee reported its performance to the Board of Directors for consideration on various
Corporate Governance practices in alignment with the evolving nature of the Company’s business operations
matters. The meeting attendance of each Risk Management Committee member is presented below.
and operating context, in order to maintain conformity with internationally recognized best practices.
Remark Mr. Parithad Petampai was appointed as a member of the Risk Management Committee on 5th August, 2025.
He attended his first Risk Management Committee meeting in the fourth quarter of 2025, held on 7th November, 2025.
The Risk Management Committee has prioritized risk management, especially managing risks that impact the
achievement of business objectives and goals, as well as performing duties assigned by the Board of
Directors. Throughout the year, the Risk Management Committee held continuous performance monitoring
meetings and observed that the Company effectively addressed significant risk issues across various areas,
reducing them to generally acceptable levels. Additionally, recommendations were made for the working
group to analyze new emerging risks, such as increased operational capital risk from domestic price
adjustments of goods and policies to increase minimum wage, heightened risk from increased bad debts,
personnel risk, and risk of the Company’s image and reputation. It was found that the Company
systematically controlled risk issues, operated with caution, thoroughness, and efficiency.
The Risk Management Committee concluded that the Company has a risk management with discretion and
efficiency.
(Mrs. Kongkeaw Piamduaytham) (Mr. Suchart Suphayak)
Chairman of the Corporate Governance Chairman of the Risk Management
and Sustainability Committee Committee
285 286
