


1
2
3
4
5
6
7

I Vision, Mission, and Core Values
Vision
“At Ngernturbo, we envision a future where people in every community can access
financial services that are credible, fair, and genuinely attuned to their way of life.”
Mission
“At Ngernturbo, we are committed to delivering trustworthy, fair, and
community-conscious financial services that genuinely understand and respect their way of life.
We serve every community with sincerity, care, and respect, empowering people with the
opportunities they need to build a better quality of life for themselves and their families.”
I Core Values
1. One TURBO: Collaboration is o ur strength. By u niting diverse skills and ideas, we achieve
what individuals alone cannot. Together, we solve complex problems and drive
innovation. Success comes from collective effort, not individual recognition.
2. Truth and Trust: By being transparent, we make better decisions and face challenges
head-on.
3. Effective, Simple, & Practical: We p rioritize impactful work and e liminate complexity. By
focusing o n essential tasks and simplifying processes, we achieve tangible results
efficiently.
4. Speed and Impact: We prioritize action and results. With most of the information, we
make decisions and adapt as needed. Success is m easured by impact, not time spent. We
focus on key priorities, work efficiently, and tackle tough challenges to drive innovation.
5. Grit and Grow: Success requires perseverance and continuous effort. In a fast-paced
world, we commit to hard work and hands-on learning.
9
1.1 Corporate Structure and Operations
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited ("the Company" or "TURBO") and its subsidiaries (collectively "the
Group") operate a financial services business targeting i ndividuals w ho lack access t o c ommercial banking s ervices o r
remain underbanked. Operating under the trade name "Ngernturbo," the Group serves customers through a network
of 989 branches across 54 provinces in the Central, Northeast, East, West, and South regions (Data as of December
31, 2025).
The Company was founded in 2017 by Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap and the Tangmitrphracha family t o p rovide
the public with access to funding for occupational purposes and/or daily working capital. The Company is driven by
the belief that for society to improve and communities to thrive, everyone must have access to reliable, reasonable
funding sources that genuinely understand their lifestyle. Therefore, the Group is dedicated to designing financial
services that are empathetic, accessible, and friendly, addressing every problem and need w ithin t he community with
sincerity, care, and respect.
Currently, the Group offers regulated p ersonal l oans s ecured by vehicle titles ("Vehicle T itle Loans"), p ersonal
loans secured by land and building title deeds ( "Land Title Loans"), regulated retail loans for occupational purposes
("Nano Finance Loans"), and a cash and installment sales business. Additionally, the Group operates related
businesses, including non-life and life insurance brokerage, including 0% insurance installment. T he G roup c onducts
these operations through the Group and its subsidiaries as follows:
Company Name Abbreviation Business Type
NTBX Co., Ltd. 1 NTBX Credit guarantee services
Ngernturbo Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. NTBI Non-life and life insurance brokerage
Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd. NTBPL Cash and installment sales
Ngernturbo Development Center Co., Ltd. TURBODC Training center for the Group's employees
Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. LAZY Insurance business consulting
1 The Group has ceased providing credit guarantee services to new customers s ince M ay 1 0, 2022, and currently o nly continues t o s ervice existing
outstanding guarantee contracts
10
I Key Milestones and Developments
The Company was incorporated on July 26, 2017. Currently, the Group provides vehicle title loans, l and title
loans, nano finance, and cash and installment sales, alongside non-life and life insurance brokerage (including
premium financing). The Group remains committed to continuously developing a diversified product suite to meet
customer needs and capture future business opportunities.
Key historical milestones of the Group include:
Year Event
2017 ○ The Company was incorporated on July 26, 2017, with an initial registered capital of 1,000.0
million Baht, divided into 100,000,000 ordinary shares at a par value of 10.0 Baht per share, to
operate a lending business.
2018 ○ Received licenses to operate r egulated p ersonal l oans a nd regulated r etail l oans f or o ccupational
purposes (Nano Finance) from the Ministry of Finance.
○ Opened the first branch in February 2018 at Bang Yai City Market, Nonthaburi.
○ NTBG Co., Ltd. ("NTBG") was incorporated with 2.0 million Baht registered capital, comprising
200,000 o rdinary shares at a par v alue o f 1 0.0 Baht each. A t p resent, NTBG has n o a ctive business
operations.
○ Ngernturbo Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. ("NTBI") was incorporated with 2.0 m illion Baht registered
capital, comprising 200,000 ordinary shares at a par value of 10.0 Baht each, for the purpose o f
engaging in non-life and life insurance brokerage businesses.
2019 ○ NTBX Co., Ltd. ("NTBX") was incorporated with an initial registered capital of 2.0 million Baht,
divided into 200,000 ordinary shares with a par value of 10.0 Baht per share.
○ Co-founded the Vehicle Title Loan Trade Association to establish standards and transparency in
the vehicle title loan industry.
○ NTBI obtained a non-life insurance broker license from the OIC and commenced selling motor
insurance policies.
2020 ○ Implemented Phase 1 and 2 of the COVID-19 r elief measures f or a ffected borrowers, aligned w ith
Bank of Thailand (BOT) guidelines.
○ Launched a TV commercial campaign declaring the brand's intent to uplift the quality of life
under the slogan "Ngernturbo, by your side for every opportunity."
2021 ○ The Company implemented the Phase 3 relief measures to assist customers affected by the
COVID-19 pandemic, in accordance with the Bank of Thailand's (BOT) policy.
○ The Company increased the registered capital in NTBI by issuing 100,000 ordinary shares with a
par value of 10.0 Baht per share, amounting to 1.0 million Baht, thereby increasing NTBI's total
registered capital to 3.0 million Baht..
○ The C ompany i ncreased the registered capital in NTBX b y issuing 4 ,800,000 o rdinary shares w ith a
par value of 10.0 Baht per s hare, amounting to 4 8.0 million Baht, thereby increasing N TBX's total
registered capital to 50.0 million Baht.
2022 ○ Released a short film to reinforce the Company's commitment to helping borrowers regain
financial stability.
○ NTBI signed a strategic partnership agreement with Muang Thai Life Assurance PCL.
○ NTBG changed its name to Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd. ("NTBPL").
11
Year Event
○ Increased registered capital by issuing 11,110,000 ordinary shares (par value 10.0 Baht) to the
Kasikornbank Group, raising registered capital to 1,111.1 million Baht and making the KBank
Group the second-largest shareholder with a 10.0% stake.
2023 – Relocated the headquarters to TURBO CAMPUS in Pak Kret, Nonthaburi, spanning over 14 rai.
– TRIS Rating assigned a corporate credit rating of "BBB-" with a "Stable" outlook.
– Ngernturbo Development Center Co., Ltd. (“TURBODC”) was incorporated on 28 April 2023 with
an initial registered capital of 1.0 million Baht, comprising 100,000 ordinary shares with a par
value of 10.0 Baht per share. The Company o perates a training c enter t o d evelop t he skills of t he
Group’s employees.
– Issued and offered its inaugural public debentures totaling 250.0 million Baht.
– Commenced the cash and installment sales business via NTBPL.
– The EGM 1/2023 resolved to:
– Convert to a Public Company Limited (completed on September 15, 2023).
– The Company changed the par value of its ordinary shares from 10.0 Baht per share to 0 .5 B aht
per share, resulting in an increase in the number of the Company's shares from 111,111,000
shares to 2,222,220,000 shares.
– The Company increased its registered capital by 248.9 million Baht, from 1 ,111.1 m illion Baht to
1,360.0 m illion Baht, through t he issuance of 4 97,780,000 n ewly i ssued ordinary shares with a par
value of 0 .5 B aht per s hare. The s hares w ere a llocated as f ollows: (1) up t o 4 47,780,000 s hares for
the initial public offering (IPO), and (2) up to 50,000,000 shares to support the exercise of
warrants to be issued and allocated to the Company’s directors and employees.
2024 ○ Expanded acceptable collateral for vehicle title loans to include agricultural vehicles.
○ Launched a 0% insurance installment for motor insurance.
2025 ○ NTBI added health and personal accident (PA) insurance products and onboarded new non-life
insurance partners.
○ Received the "Best Brand Performance on S ocial M edia" award ( Financial S ervice c ategory) a t t he
Thailand Social Awards 2025.
○ Received the “Best Companies to Work for in Asia 2024” award, organized by Business Media
International (BMI) and HR Asia magazine, a leading and widely recognized human resources
publication in Asia.
○ Successfully listed and commenced trading on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET) under the
ticker "TURBO" on September 30, 2025.
○ Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. ("LAZY") w as incorporated with a n initial registered capital of 3 .0 B aht million,
divided into 300,000 ordinary shares with a par value of 10.0 Baht per share, to engage in the
insurance consulting business.
I Utilization of IPO Proceeds
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited ("the Company") conducted its Initial Public Offering (IPO) on
September 30, 2025, o ffering 5 37.00 million shares at 1 .50 Baht per s hare. This comprised up t o 4 47.78 million newly
issued ordinary shares and up to 89.22 million existing ordinary shares offered by Kasikorn Vision Co., Ltd. The net
proceeds received by the Company, after deducting securities offering expenses, amounted t o a pproximately 6 45.60
million Baht.
The Company reports the utilization of the IPO proceeds as of December 31, 2025, as follows:
Unit: Million Baht
12
Objectives of Fund Utilization Estimated Plan Amount Used Remaining Balance
(Sept 30 - Dec 31, As of Dec 31, 2025
2025)
To expand the Group's financial services business 550.00 - 645.60 645.60 0.00
To repay borrowings from commercial banks 0.00 - 100.00 0.00 0.00
For general working capital 0.00 - 30.00 0.00 0.00
Total 645.60 645.60 0.00
I Ngernturbo's Business Strategies
1. Strategic Branch Expansion: The Group recognizes the critical importance of a physical branch network to
effectively access and service highly d ispersed d emographics n ationwide. T he t arget is t o e stablish a network
of no fewer than 1,200 branches across Thailand by 2028. The Company utilizes statistical data (e.g.,
population density, competitor presence) and internal data (e.g., new loan originations) to optimize branch
location decisions, continually refining the accuracy and efficiency of these spatial models.
2025 2024 2023
Number of Branches 989 1,036 1,030
2. Building a Top-of-Mind and Customer-Friendly Brand: The Group believes the most effective branding
comes from delivering exceptional customer experiences that generate positive word-of-mouth. Providing
excellent, convenient, and rapid service serves as a key competitive differentiator. The Group actively
monitors customer satisfaction (CSAT) scores across all contactable clients to continuously elevate service
quality and develop new products that address customer needs.
2025 2024 2023
Customer Satisfaction 4.93 4.93 4.93
Remark: Customer Satisfaction Score (out of 5)
3. Maintaining Optimal Asset Quality: The Group aims to control asset quality at a ppropriate levels, primarily
monitored via the Credit Cost metric, utilizing the following approaches:
i. Enhancing the precision of the Credit Scoring system by integrating diverse new data sources (e.g.,
integrating National Credit Bureau data), which optimizes credit risk assessment, reduces default
probability, and expedites precise underwriting decisions.
ii. Developing specialized field collection p ersonnel dedicated to s pecific operational areas t o s upervise
and support the recovery of high-risk or hard-to-collect accounts, thereby closely enhancing the
efficiency of regional asset quality management.
2025 2024 2023
Credit Cost (%) 5.2% 6.8% 5.5%
13
Remark: Expected Credit Loss / Average Gross Loan Receivables.
4. Expanding Insurance Brokerage into N on-Loan Customer Segments: The G roup p lans t o s cale i ts insurance
brokerage business to diversify revenue and reduce reliance on capital-intensive lending operations. The
strategic focus is to penetrate the non-borrowing customer segment by primarily offering n on-life insurance,
which is less complex, easier to understand, and suits the target demographic's lifestyle. Key initiatives
include expanding product lines, broadening insurance partnerships, increasing payment gateways, and
diversifying sales channels.
2025 2024 2023
Insurance Brokerage Revenue (MB) 321.9 316.7 280.6
5. Elevating Human Capital: The Group recognizes that human capital is the core engine of future success.
Implementing an efficient HR management system aligned with business direction is fundamental. The
philosophy of "The right people, in the right place, doing the right work, and receiving continuous
development" is the key to sustainability. The Group empowers employees with access to advanced
technologies, including AI, enabling tangible productivity enhancements and future-proofing the workforce.
2025 2024 2023
Revenue per Employee (MB per staff) 1.23 1.17 1.08
Remark: Revenue per Staff is calculated using Revenue / Average Staff.
6. Leveraging Technology for Operational Efficiency and Long-Term Scalability: The Group positions
Information Technology (IT) as the central pillar driving operational excellence—focusing on optimizing
efficiency, minimizing human error, and building resilience for changes under the "Future-Ready
Organization" vision over the next 5 years. A key push is integrating Artificial Intelligence (AI) into standard
operational w orkflows, ensuring employees have perpetual access t o A I t ools a nd fostering an AI-driven w ork
culture.
2025 2024 2023
Cost to Income Ratio (%) 54.8% 64.2% 68.8%
Remark: Cost to Income Ratio (%) is calculated using (Cost of sales + Administrative expenses) / (Total revenue – Finance costs)
7. Sustainable Growth: Striving for excellence as a financial institution that generates equal opportunities,
adheres strictly to responsible lending practices, and upholds corporate governance. The Group aims to
deliver sustainable value to all stakeholders and drive grassroots economic development in alignment with
international ESG standards, supported by actionable roadmaps and measurable KPIs.
14
1.2 Nature of Business Operation
Ngernturbo is a Non-Bank Financial Institution dedicated to serving underbanked populations through a
strategically located branch network, emphasizing speed, simplicity, and convenience. The Group operates two
primary business pillars: Lending (Vehicle Title Loans, Land Title Loans, and Nano Finance) a nd Insurance B rokerage
(Life and Non-Life). The core lending operations are strictly regulated under licenses issued by the Bank o f T hailand
(BOT) and comply with all relevant legal frameworks.
I Loan Portfolio Structure
2025 2024 2023
Loan Type MB % MB % MB %
Vehicle Title Loans 8,224.3 71.1 7,992.0 68.4 7,628.4 71.8
Land Title Loans 1,025.4 8.9 1,430.6 12.2 1,511.5 14.2
Nano Finance Loans 2,301.2 19.9 2,241.3 19.2 1,487.3 14.0
0% Insurance Installment 10.6 0.1 18.9 0.2 0.0 0.0
Hire Purchase 0.0 0.0 2.6 0.0 4.3 0.0
Total 11,561.5 100.0 11,685.4 100.0 10,631.5 100.0
I Revenue Structure
2025 2024 2023
Revenue MB % MB % MB %
Interest Income 2,671.0 86.3 2,595.2 85.6 2,025.2 83.3
Fee and Service Income 62.5 2.0 85.3 2.8 110.2 4.5
Sales of Goods 27.2 0.9 27.3 0.9 5.5 0.2
Commission and Brokerage Income 321.9 10.4 316.7 10.4 280.6 11.5
Other Income 12.1 0.4 8.7 0.3 9.3 0.4
Total 3,094.7 100.0 3,033.2 100.0 2,430.7 100.0
Note: Figures may not add up precisely to the totals due to rounding.
15
Terms and Conditions by Loan Product
Vehicle Title Loans
Land Title Nano Finance 0% Insurance
Motorcycles Cars Agri-Vehicles Loans Installment
Regulator / Law Bank of Bank of Bank of Civil and Bank of Office of
Thailand Thailand Thailand Commercial Thailand Insurance
Code Commission
(OIC) and Civil
and
Commercial
Code
Max Loan Limit 100,000 Baht 500,000 Baht 500,000 Baht 500,000 Baht 100,000 Baht Not exceeding
premium cost
Max Effective Up to 24.0% Up to 24.0% Up to 24.0% Up to 15.0% Up to 33.0% Up to 15.0%
Interest Rate (EIR) p.a. p.a. p.a. p.a. p.a. p.a.
Installment Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly Monthly
Frequency
Collateral Motorcycle Car Agri-Vehicle Land / Unsecured None
Required Registration Registration Registration Building Title
Book Book Book Deeds
Note: The maximum interest rate for regulated personal loans secured by vehicles is 24.00% p.a. for contracts starting from
August 1, 2020.
Product Information
1. Lending Business
The Group provides p ersonal l oans t o t he retail u nderbanked s egments t hrough i ts branch network. B ranches
are mostly open daily (excluding public holidays). Weekday hours a re 8 :30 AM t o 5 :00 PM, and weekends are 9 :00 AM
to 4:30 PM. Strategically important branches may operate extended hours (until 7:00 PM) to accommodate
after-hours demand.
The credit underwriting process is streamlined and rapid. Branch staff assess collateral value and the
borrower's debt service capacity (e.g., collateral age/condition, income sources, customer verification, existing debt
burdens) augmented by the Group's central database. The 3 main lending products are:
(i) Vehicle Title Loans:
Currently, the Group provides vehicle title loans to retail customers who are the rightful owners of
the vehicles. These loans are backed by three types of collateral: motorcycles, four-wheeled vehicles
(including pickup trucks and vans), and agricultural vehicles. Customers who own the vehicles must submit
their vehicle registration booklets to the Group as collateral for the loan agreement, without the need to
officially transfer ownership registration. In the event o f a default, t he customer a grees to t ransfer ownership
and deliver the vehicle to the Group, allowing the Group to dispose of the collateral a nd apply t he proceeds
to settle the outstanding debt, in accordance with the signed agreement. Throughout the term of the loan
agreement, customers retain possession and can utilize the vehicle normally as the owner.
16
The Group's policy for determining credit limits for vehicle title loans is based on the collateral's
value and the individual customer's debt service capacity. T he m aximum l imits a re s et a t u p t o 1 00,000 B aht
for motorcycles, up to 500,000 Baht for automobiles, and up to 500,000 Baht for agricultural vehicles. The
Group also sets maximum loan terms for e ach collateral t ype. G enerally, the maximum t erm is 3 6 m onths for
motorcycle-backed loans, 60 months for automobile-backed loans, and 72 months for agricultural
vehicle-backed loans. Customers are required to pay installments comprising principal and interest
throughout the contract term. The Group recognizes interest income, fee i ncome, a nd other service c harges
from lending at the rates mutually agreed upon in the contract.
The maximum combined rate of interest income, penalties, service fees, or any other fees m ust not
exceed the maximum effective interest rate prescribed by the Bank of Thailand, which is currently 24.0%.
However, i n a ddition to t he aforementioned i nterest, p enalties, s ervices, o r f ees, t he Group m ay c ollect actual
and reasonable expenses incurred, strictly in accordance with the items permitted by the Bank of Thailand.
(ii) Land Title Loans:
The Group provides loans to retail customers who are the rightful owners of land and properties.
Customers owning the land or property must either register a mortgage on the collateral ("Land Mortgage
Loans") or deposit the land title deed with the Group as collateral for the loan agreement ("Land Title
Loans"). In the event of a default, the Group may consider initiating legal proceedings to enforce the sale o f
t he collateral by public auction through the Legal Execution Department, as stipulated in the signed
agreement. Throughout the loan term, customers can possess and utilize the land or property normally.
The Group dictates a maximum credit limit of up to 500,000 Baht for l and title loans, d epending o n
the collateral's value and the individual customer's debt service capacity. The maximum loan term for land
title-backed loans is generally 84 months. Customers are required to pay installments comprising principal
and interest throughout the contract term, a nd the Group r ecognizes interest i ncome, f ee i ncome, a nd other
service charges at mutually agreed rates as per the contract.
The maximum combined rate of interest income, penalties, service fees, or any other fees m ust not
exceed the maximum effective interest rate prescribed by the Civil and Commercial Code, w hich is c urrently
15.0%.
(iii) Nano Finance Loans:
In 2021, the Group commenced offering retail loans for occupational purposes under supervision,
known as Nano Finance Loans. These are unsecured loans provided to customers for whom the Group
possesses in-depth information and has assessed to have an acceptable risk profile.
The Group’s policy sets a maximum credit limit for Nano Finance Loans of up to 100,000 Baht,
depending on each customer's debt service capacity, with a maximum loan term generally s et a t 4 8 m onths.
Customers are required to pay installments comprising principal and interest throughout the term. The
Group recognizes interest income, penalties, fees, and other service charges from lending at the rates
mutually agreed upon in the contract.
The maximum combined rate of i nterest i ncome, p enalties, s ervice f ees, o r a ny f ees m ust not exceed
the maximum effective interest rate prescribed by the Bank of Thailand, which is currently 33.0%.
17
Target Customers
The Group is committed to providing financial services to customer segments that are unable to access
commercial banking services or can access them but remain underserved (the unbanked and underbanked). The
objective is to enable retail customers to access financial services to elevate their quality of l ife, such as i nvesting i n
their occupations or covering other emergency expenses. The Group’s core customers can be categorized into two
types based on their source of income: (1) Customers with a regular income, such as civil servants and corporate
employees, and (2) Customers without proof of income documentation, the majority of whom are small business
owners or independent freelancers. Furthermore, to ensure the efficiency of the credit approval process, the Group
has established specific qualifications for its target customers, which include the following:
● Residing or working within the designated service area.
● Generating a verifiable income from an occupation.
● Not being classified as a prohibited person according to the Group’s criteria (Blacklist).
Pricing Policy
The Group’s financial service operations are strictly under the supervision of r elevant r egulatory a uthorities,
namely the Bank of Thailand (BOT). The regulations mandate that the maximum combined rate of interest income
(including penalties, service charges, and various fees that the G roup can collect from customers) must not exceed
the maximum effective interest rate prescribed by law.
However, when determining the specific interest r ates a nd fees f or e ach individual c ustomer, the Group t akes
into consideration (1) the prevailing market competition conditions at the time, and (2) the risk profile of each
customer segment. To support this, the Group’s Risk Management Division and Technology D ivision have d eveloped a
robust credit approval system and continuously maintain an up-to-date database. This allows the system to
accurately calculate the appropriate interest rate for each individual customer, serving as a vital tool for branch
personnel during the credit approval process.
The Group analyzes the optimal interest rate for customers utilizing this credit approval system, which
processes a variety of customer data. This includes the qualifications of the customer and/or guarantor (as
applicable), the type and age of the collateral, collateral value, requested credit limit, installment period, historical
payment records, and overall debt service capacity. In addition to t hese f actors, t he Group a lso f actors i n t he interest
rates offered by other industry competitors, alongside the Group’s own cost of funds and operational expenses.
Origination and Collection Process
The Group has established a meticulous loan approval process b ased on c arefully d efined s teps. B ranch s taff
approve loans considering borrower qualifications, collateral, and/or guarantors (as applicable), utilizing data
processed by the Group’s internal systems. Furthermore, the Group defines credit approval authority based on risk
levels. The detailed loan origination steps are as follows:
(1) Credit Approval Process:
The Group has designed its credit underwriting process to be convenient and rapid for customers.
Customers can visit any of the Group’s branches daily (except on public holidays).
Customer Inquiry and Information Verification Stage
When a customer applies for a loan at a Group b ranch, staff will inquire a bout t he desired l oan amount,
collateral details, and basic customer information—such as residence, age, occupation, source of
income, current debt obligations, and debt-servicing ability—to assess repayment capacity. Staff then
18
verify and input collateral data into the Group’s credit approval system, which processes and displays
the maximum credit limit that branch staff can approve for the customer.
Additionally, the Group maintains a "Blacklist" database in its system based on Group criteria. This
includes individuals w ith a history of d efault w ith t he Group, i nappropriate behavior, o r a history of f raud.
The system will alert staff when such individuals apply for a loan; in such cases, staff will be unable to
approve the loan or disburse funds to those prohibited persons (Blacklist).
Credit Analysis and Approval Stage
Once branch staff provide the preliminary loan amount, interest rate, fees, and installments, and the
customer provides consent to enter the loan agreement, staff will collect required documents, verify
information a ccuracy, inspect the condition a nd ownership o f t he collateral, a nd record the data into t he
Group’s system.
Branch staff analyze customer data in conjunction with the Group’s credit approval system. The Group
has developed a Credit Scoring model that processes data from the Group’s database to evaluate risk
and the customer’s debt-servicing capability. Credit analysis information is regularly gathered and
updated by the Group’s Risk Management Department.
Upon completion of the analysis, the Group approves the credit limit through the authorized system.
Staff then inform the customer of the approved amount and explain terms, interest rates, fees, and
other conditions. Once the customer accepts all terms, staff print the contract from the system for
signing.
Disbursement Process
Customers can choose to receive funds in cash or via bank transfer (as applicable). In the case of bank
transfers, t he Head Office verifies the information. Generally, customers receiving v ehicle title loans g et
funds within the same business day, w hile the timing for l and title loans d epends o n t he processes at t he
Land Department.
(2) Repayment Process
After entering the loan agreement, customers can download the "Ngernturbo" application to
immediately view loan information, outstanding balances, i nstallment amounts, and payment b arcodes.
This facilitates convenience and reduces errors. Customers can make payments through two primary
channels: (1) Branch Channel: Payments made at any of the Group’s branches, or (2) Payment Agents
(Bill Payment): Including 7-Eleven (Counter Service), L otus’s, A TMs, Mobile B anking, or I nternet B anking
of any bank in Thailand.
Customers who make payments through branch channels will receive an official receipt immediately as
proof of payment. For payments made through Payment Agents ( Bill P ayment), customers will receive a
payment confirmation message; they may subsequently request a physical receipt at any branch or
access it via the "Ngernturbo" application.
(3) Debt Collection Process
The Group's debt collection process strictly complies with the Debt Collection Act B.E. 2558 (2015)
(including its amendments). Collection methods vary based on the number of days past due.
19
If a customer i s o verdue for u p t o 3 1 d ays, branch s taff will contact the customer v ia telephone t o c ollect
the debt. If overdue for more than 31 days, staff will contact the customer by phone and/or conduct a
site visit to understand the reasons for the default and find a mutual solution. If overdue for m ore than
61 days, the Group may initiate the process of t racking t he collateral o r s ecured assets for r epossession
to settle the debt for vehicle title loans, or send formal demand letters for land title loans and Nano
Finance Loans. However, other forms of collection tracking may be applied as deemed appropriate.
If the Group cannot successfully persuade the customer to resume payments, it will proceed to
repossess the secured assets t o settle the debt. In cases where repossession is not possible and the
customer is overdue for more than 151 days, the Group may consider initiating further legal action.
(4) Collateral Tracking and Public Auction Process
For vehicle title loans, if the Group cannot successfully track and collect debt, branch staff will meet
with the customer to find a resolution involving the collateral. Staff will inspect the asset, take
photographs, and have the customer sign a possession delivery document. The a sset i s t hen stored a t a
branch or a designated auction center. Customers retain the right to s ettle their o utstanding b alance o r
close the account to redeem their asset within 30 days. After this period, the Group proceeds with a
public auction.
Public auctions are conducted through external auction centers with branches across a ll regions w here
the Group operates. Proceeds from the auction are used to settle the outstanding debt. If there is a
surplus, the Group returns the remaining funds to the debtor in accordance with relevant laws and
regulations.
For land title loans, if debt collection efforts fail, the Group initiates legal proceedings. If the debtor
cannot fulfill the court's j udgment, the Group will proceed with l egal e xecution a gainst the land via the
Legal Execution Department (LED) to auction the property and settle the debt.
(5) Account Closure Process
Upon full repayment or early settlement, branch staff verify the payment accuracy. Once confirmed,
customers can immediately receive their v ehicle registration b ook a nd/or l and title deeds. T he c ustomer
must sign an acknowledgment of receipt to finalize the closure process. The Group will retain all
loan-related documentation for the legally required retention period before proceeding with its secure
destruction.
2. Insurance Brokerage Business
The G roup l everages i ts comprehensive b ranch network a cross m ultiple r egions t o o ffer other related s ervices
to retail customers, encompassing both the Group's loan customers and the general public. However, the Group
maintains a strict policy that the purchase of insurance has no bearing on credit approval.
Currently, the Group provides non-life and life insurance brokerage services f or l eading i nsurance companies.
This covers a variety o f p roducts, i ncluding credit protection insurance, m otorcycle i nsurance, T ype 1 , Type 2 , Type 2 +,
Type 3, and Type 3+ car insurance, compulsory motor/car insurance, health insurance, and accident insurance. In
return, the Group receives brokerage commission fees from the insurance companies at rates mutually a greed upon
i n the contracts. Furthermore, the Group is currently in the process of partnering with additional leading insurance
companies to o ffer a wider range of a lternative p roducts to r etail c ustomers. Going f orward, t he Group a ims to e xpand
its insurance business through various strategic initiatives, which include:
20
○ Expanding Partnerships: Increasing the network of partners to provide customers with more choices; the
Group is currently negotiating with other non-life insurance companies.
○ Increasing Payment Channels: Enhancing c ustomer c onvenience by adding o ptions s uch as c redit card a nd
QR code payments.
○ Diversifying Insurance Products: Broadening the scope of product offerings, with plans to include home
insurance, travel insurance, and more.
○ Expanding Sales Channels: Utilizing telephone and online channels to increase reach and acquire new
customer segments.
○ Enhancing Operational Systems: Upgrading systems to ensure comprehensive access to non-life and life
insurance product information and to expedite policy approval processes.
Additionally, the Group offers 0% insurance installment for motor/car insurance to both existing loan
customers and general customers. This provides more options for clients and is regulated by the Office o f I nsurance
Commission (OIC) and the Civil and Commercial Code.
The Group’s policy for 0% insurance installment sets a maximum credit limit not exceeding the premium
amount of each customer. The typical contract term is up to 12 months with 0% interest and no additional fees. In
the event of a payment default, the Group will obtain consent from the customer before proceeding with policy
cancellation. The Group will then request a premium refund from the insurance company to settle the outstanding
debt. Any remaining balance will be returned to the customer in accordance with relevant regulations and laws.
3. Cash and Installment Sales Business
Currently, the Group offers mobile phone wallpaper products under the "Horaland" brand to interested
general customers. The Group continuously develops new designs to ensure they remain modern, appealing, and
relevant to the prevailing social context and trends at any given time.
In addition to mobile phone wallpapers, the Group previously engaged in merchandise sales in 2023. The
Group offered electrical appliances—such as air conditioners, washing machines, televisions, and
refrigerators—through its branch network. Customers were provided with the option to pay e ither in c ash o r through
an installment plan. For customers opting for installment payments, the Group e mployed a customer r isk a ssessment
policy similar to its standard credit consideration process. The Group’s policy stipulated a maximum approved
installment limit of up to 55,000 Baht, with a maximum repayment period of up to 18 months. Customers were
required to pay t he installments a s m utually a greed upon i n t he contract. T his specific business operation i s g overned
by the Civil and Commercial Code and falls under the supervision of the Office of the Consumer Protection Board.
However, driven by a commitment to operate with maximum operational efficiency, the Group has
temporarily suspended the cash and installment sales of electrical appliances. T he G roup i s c urrently in t he strategic
planning phase to restructure and improve the operational processes of this business segment to ensure greater
efficiency in the future.
21
Marketing and Distribution Channels
Marketing
The Group conducts marketing through two primary channels: (1) Online channels and (2) Offline channels.
(1) Online
The G roup p rovides p latforms for p ublicizing p roduct information, d isseminating p romotional campaigns, a nd
promptly addressing customer inquiries via convenient and rapid online communication channels. T hese include t he
corporate website (www.turbo.co.th), the "Ngernturbo" Facebook Page, the LINE Official Account, and the
"Ngernturbo" application. Customers can register through these designated channels and provide their details,
allowing branch staff to contact them and initiate t he credit consideration p rocess. F urthermore, the Group e xecutes
targeted online marketing through advertising on social media and various search and video platforms, such as
Facebook, TikTok, Google, and YouTube, to directly engage customer segments seeking loan services.
(2) Offline
The Group strongly emphasizes marketing through word-of-mouth generated by customers who are highly
impressed with the service provided by branch staff. By committing to the development of convenient and rapid
services, the Group aims to create a lasting positive impression. The Group firmly believes that satisfied customers
will advocate for and recommend the Group's services, naturally driving customer acquisition and the continuous
expansion of the loan portfolio.
Recognizing that branch image is crucial for building trust and prominence, the Group installs large, highly
visible branch signage featuring the distinctive blue and pink colors of t he "Ngernturbo" brand t o f oster s trong brand
recognition. This strategy includes designing modern, clean branches that project reliability. Additionally, the Group
builds brand awareness within local communities through area-based m arketing a ctivities c onducted by branch s taff.
By maintaining a friendly, humble, and approachable demeanor, the s taff effectively attract local customers.
Consequently, the Group is confident that customers visiting the branches will experience high satisfaction and will
continue to promote the Group's services through word-of-mouth.
Distribution Channels
Currently, the Group's extensive branch network, covering 54 provinces (data as of December 31, 2025),
serves as its primary distribution channel. The Group strategically selects service areas for new branch openings by
evaluating a comprehensive set of qualitative and quantitative factors. Each branch is strategically positioned to
effectively serve customers situated within an approximate 15 to 20-minute travel radius from the location.
22
Map of Thailand showing branch distribution: With a total of 989 branches across 54 provinces
The majority of the Group's full-time branch personnel are individuals who are highly familiar with t he local
customers and surrounding communities. This deep understanding of local customer behaviors and lifestyles is
instrumental in building trust and elevating the overall service experience. Prior to their actual deployment, the
Group mandates comprehensive training for all branch staff. The curriculum encompasses both operational
capabilities (Hard Skills) and interpersonal abilities (Soft S kills), s upplemented by regular p erformance e valuations t o
ensure operations align seamlessly with the Group's strategic objectives.
The Group firmly believes that a happy workforce that believes i n t he corporate mission w ill naturally d eliver
exceptional service. Therefore, the Group prioritizes human capital by ensuring appropriate well-being, competitive
compensation, and comprehensive welfare. This commitment extends to providing a highly conducive working
environment, characterized by clean workspaces, fully equipped electronic devices, and user-friendly operating
systems.
Moving forward, the Group plans to expand its distribution channels by continuously growing its branch
network to broaden the service coverage area. Complementing the physical network, the Group is aggressively
leveraging various digital p latforms to c apture growth among y ounger d emographics a nd to f urther r efine c onvenient,
rapid services tailored to the specific customer bases of each product.
23
I Operating Assets
As of December 31, 2025, the Group held core fixed a ssets utilized i n i ts business operations w ith a total net
book value of 708.9 million Baht, as recorded in the Group's consolidated financial statements. The details are as
follows:
Unit: Million Baht
Item Net Book Value Ownership Encumbrance
(As of Dec 31, 2025)
Land for HQ development 344.0 Owned Mortgaged (Limit up to
(14-0-44.8 Rai, Pak Kret, 240.0 MB)
Nonthaburi)
Land Improvements 5.1 Owned None
Building Improvements 280.4 Owned HQ: Mortgaged (Limit up
● Head office buildings to 160.0 MB).
Branches: None
● Branch office buildings
41.4 Owned None
IT & Office Equipment
Others 38.0 Owned None
Total 708.9
Note: Figures may not add up precisely to the totals due to rounding.
I Funding Sources
2025 2024 2023
Source of Funds MB % MB % MB %
Borrowings From Financial 5,426.7 44.4 6,885.9 55.8 6,790.9 58.4
Institutions
Debentures 917.4 7.5 736.0 6.0 246.9 2.1
Short-term Borrowings From 2,114.6 17.3 2,114.6 17.1 2,114.6 18.2
Related Parties
Equity 3,777.3 30.9 2,611.1 21.1 2,470.8 21.3
Total 12,236.0 100.0 12,347.6 100.0 11,623.2 100.0
Note: Figures may not add up precisely to the totals due to rounding.
24
I Industry Overview and Competition
Macroeconomic Overview of Thailand
In 2025, the Thai economy continues to navigate a "gradual recovery" amidst challenges from external
factors and domestic structural i ssues. According to e conomic projections b y the Office o f t he National Economic a nd
Social Development Council (NESDC), Thailand's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) is expected to expand by
approximately 2.4%. This growth is primarily supported by the tourism sector returning to its potential level, with
foreign tourist arrivals recovering to a range of 35-39 m illion. This influx g enerates r obust financial c irculation within
the service, hotel, and restaurant sectors, thereby sustaining employment and labor income in tourist destinations.
However, the export sector continues to face headwinds from the economic slowdown of trading partners and
prolonged global geopolitical issues, preventing the manufacturing sector from fully regaining its expansion
momentum.
In terms of private consumption, although the consumption index continues to expand, clear signs of
cautious spending have emerged, particularly concerning durable goods. This reflects the continued fragility of real
purchasing power at the grassroots level. Persistently high living costs and energy prices continue to pressure
disposable income, d iminishing t he cash fl ow a vailable t o h ouseholds. This fundamental f actor acts as a n ongoing a nd
intense catalyst for the demand for short-term liquidity funding.
Industry Implications: The K-Shaped recovery creates a complex environment for t he retail l oan industry.
On one hand, demand for vehicle title loans remains high as people seek working capital. On the other hand, r isk
levels for this segment have risen. Market players must pivot from focusing solely on loan growth to "Quality
Growth," intensifying underwriting processes to ensure actual repayment capability amidst high economic
uncertainty.
Figure: GDP Growth Rate (%)
Source: Bank of Thailand
25
Meanwhile, "Household Debt" remains the most critical dragging factor in the Thai economy. Data from the
Bank of Thailand (BOT) as of the second quarter of 2025 indicates that outstanding Thai household debt remains
persistently high at approximately 85.0% – 89.5% of GDP. This is a concerning l evel when compared to i nternational
standards and neighboring countries, with the debt structure predominantly composed of consumer and housing
loans. This situation pressures commercial banks to e xercise h eightened c aution i n r etail lending, resulting in a rising
loan rejection rate within the traditional banking system. Consequently, a large segment of the population cannot
access formal bank funding and must turn to more flexible Non-Bank Financial Institutions (NBFIs).
In addition to the high volume of debt, signals of deteriorating "Asset Quality" are becoming c learly e vident.
The figures for Special Mention (SM) loans and Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) within the financial institution system
are trending upward. This reflects t hat vulnerable debtors are i ncreasingly struggling w ith c ash fl ow m anagement a nd
experiencing reduced debt repayment capabilities.
Industry Implications: Accumulated household debt forces operators to elevate risk management.
Competition is shifting from acquiring new customers to the efficiency of debt collection and maintaining
high-quality customer bases.
Figure: Household Debt (Trillion Baht) and Household Debt to GDP Ratio (%)
Source: Bank of Thailand
The Vehicle Title Loan Market
Even as Thailand’s macroeconomic landscape navigates a fragile recovery phase, the "Vehicle Title Loan
Industry"—particularly the segment driven by Non-Bank F inancial I nstitutions ( NBFIs)—has continued to demonstrate
robust growth in 2025 compared to other retail loan categories within the financial system. This underscores the
industry's ability to consistently maintain its expansion momentum.
The most critical structural shift marking a turning point for the industry this year is the phenomenon of
"market share expansion by the Non-Bank sector." This segment has grown significantly, establishing itself as the
26
dominant player in the retail loan market. Statistical data from the Bank of Thailand (BOT) indicates that the
proportion of vehicle title loans serviced b y Non-Bank o perators h as s urged, capturing o ver 70% o f t he system's t otal
outstanding loan balance, with a continuous upward trajectory.
The primary driver of this phenomenon is the shift in credit policies among core commercial banks, which
have adopted highly risk-averse stances. By heavily focusing on customer segments with fixed incomes to mitigate
the burden of non-performing loan provisioning, commercial banks have i nadvertently c reated a massive m arket gap.
This gap primarily affects retail customers and independent-income earners, who constitute the majority of the
country's population. Consequently, this customer base has migrated toward the Non-Bank system. NBFIs possess a
deeper understanding of the cash-based income structures prevalent among Thais, offer greater flexibility in
underwriting criteria, and boast agility in branch expansion. This allows them to directly and promptly address the
demand for "express cash."
Industry Implications: The counter-cyclical growth of the market and the retreat of commercial banks
indicate that the market is f ar f rom s aturated, a nd the "market p ie" is e xpanding for N on-Bank p layers. The G roup’s
business opportunities arise not only from competing for m arket share with e xisting p eers but also f rom a bsorbing
a large influx of new customers displaced from the traditional banking system and transitioning customers from
informal lending into a transparent, regulated environment. However, despite strong market growth, the primary
challenge will shift toward the effective "screening of quality borrowers" amidst the high volume of applicants.
Figure: Outstanding Balance of Regulated Personal Loans (Billion Baht)
Source: Bank of Thailand
27
Figure: Number of Regulated Personal Loan Accounts (Million Accounts)
Source: Bank of Thailand
A crucial structural factor that serves as a unique competitive advantage for this industry is the formidable
base of a ccumulated r egistered vehicles in t he country. While r ecent a utomotive industry reports i ndicate a slowdown
in new car and motorcycle sales—reflecting weakened c onsumer p urchasing p ower and stricter h ire-purchase lending
criteria—from the perspective o f t he vehicle title loan b usiness, these s ales fi gures merely r epresent the inflow o f n ew
vehicles. The true variable with significant implications for business opportunity is the accumulated number of
registered vehicles. Data from t he Department o f L and T ransport c learly c onfirms t hat the cumulative number of c ars
and motorcycles in Thailand continues to climb steadily every year, surpassing 44 to 45 million vehicles nationwide.
Industry Implications: The title loan business carries a low risk exposure to the volatility of new vehicle
sales. A slump in "red-plate" (brand new) car sales does not negatively impact the title loan portfolio, as the
foundational base of accumulated vehicles in the country remains exceptionally high.
Figure: Cumulative Number of Registered Vehicles (Million Units)
Source: Department of Land Transport - DLT
28
Figure: Number of Newly Registered Vehicles by Vehicle Type (Million Units)
Source: Department of Land Transport - DLT
Beyond supply and demand dynamics, another vital macroeconomic variable that decisively influences the
stability and risk of operational performance in the vehicle-backed loan business is the Used Vehicle Price Index
(UVPI), compiled and published b y the Bank o f T hailand. This index is d irectly c orrelated with o perator profitability, as
it reflects the intrinsic value creditors can expect to recover in the event of default and subsequent collateral auction.
In-depth data analysis reveals t hat the UVPI exhibits clear "seasonality." Used car prices tend to remain
elevated during the beginning o f t he year a nd soften t oward the year-end. This is d riven by the behavior of c onsumers
and used car dealers rushing to clear older inventory before the new calendar year t o a void d epreciation i n a ppraisal
values tied to the vehicle's model year.
The used car market in 2025 has shown continuous signs of contraction. As of the fourth quarter, the Used
Passenger Car Price Index dropped to a level of 84.5, compared to 96.5 at the beginning of the year (Quarter
1)—representing a substantial decline of 12.5%. This significant drop reflects a 'Buyer's Market' environment, where
prices are pressured by negative economic factors, fierce competition from the new car market, and an "Excess
Supply" of repossessed vehicles flooding t he auction y ards a t y ear-end for i nventory c learance. C onsequently, a verage
auction prices are depressed, ultimately impacting retail prices at used car dealerships.
Industry Implications: When collateral values in the secondhand market decline, it directly impacts the
spread between the outstanding d ebt b alance a nd the auction c learing p rice. Consequently, t he industry at l arge is
likely to face markedly higher "Loss on Sale" from repossessed vehicles compared to the earlier part of the year.
29
Figure: Used Passenger Car Price Index
Source: Bank of Thailand
Furthermore, in 2025, the "Responsible Lending" policy has been fully enforced. Concurrently, interest rate
ceilings remain strictly pegged—capped at 24.0% per annum for vehicle title loans and 33.0% per annum for nano
finance. Meanwhile, the operational costs associated with regulatory compliance are trending upwards. These
combined factors exert downward pressure on the profitability of operators across the entire industry.
Industry Implications: Small or local operators burdened with a high cost of funds and lacking
standardized operating systems may find themselves unable to absorb these compliance costs and interest rate
caps, potentially forcing them to exit the market or consolidate with larger entities. Conversely, well-equipped
major players must pivot their focus toward "operational efficiency enhancement"—reducing unit costs and
leveraging technology to replace manual labor in order to sustain their profitability margins under the new
regulatory framework.
Insurance Brokerage Market
The Thai insurance industry has demonstrated strong growth potential in recent years, despite
macroeconomic challenges. According to the Office of Insurance Commission (OIC), statistics show that Life and
Non-Life insurance businesses successfully recovered and grew from 2020 through 2025. The overall insurance
industry recorded a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 2.3%, with t otal premium v alue i ncreasing f rom 8 52.7
billion Baht in 2020 to 955.6 b illion Baht in 2 025. C onsidering t he premium d istribution b etween 2020 a nd 2025, L ife
Insurance accounted for 69.0% to 70.8% of the total market, while Non-Life I nsurance r epresented 29.2% to 3 1.0%.
Specifically, Life Insurance grew at a CAGR of 2.4%, and Non-Life Insurance grew at 2.0%, reflecting a continuous
expansion of demand for protection across all sectors.
A deep dive into the Non-Life insurance sector reveals interesting growth trends. Total non-life insurance
premiums rose from 252.7 billion Baht in 2020 to 279.1 billion Baht in 2025, representing a CAGR of 2.0%. The
product structure is divided into several categories: motor insurance (compulsory and voluntary), fire insurance,
marine and transportation insurance, and other miscellaneous insurance.
Motor Insurance, the primary p roduct offered by the Group’s brokerage subsidiary, remains the largest
segment, accounting for 56.1% to 57.8% of the total non-life premium value between 2020 and 2025. Meanwhile,
30
the Life Insurance business, despite its larger b ase, showed a gradual g rowth trajectory, r ising f rom 6 00.0 b illion Baht
in 2020 to 676.5 billion Baht in 2025, equivalent to a CAGR of 2.4%.
Figure: Life Insurance Premiums (Billion Baht)
Source: Office of Insurance Commission
Figure: Non-Life Insurance Premiums (Billion Baht)
Source: Office of Insurance Commission
Figure: Direct Insurance Premiums (Billion Baht)
31
Source: Office of Insurance Commission
Regarding distribution channels, data from the OIC between 2 022 a nd 2025 h ighlights t he crucial role o f t he
Broker channel, particularly in Non-Life insurance, w here i t c ommands the highest m arket share of 7 5.4% – 8 2.8% of
total premiums and continues to trend upward. For Life Insurance products, while the primary channel remains
Agents (accounting for 52.1% – 53.2%), there is a significant shift as Brokers are playing an increasingly important
role. The Broker channel in the Life I nsurance s egment grew at a CAGR of 1 1.9% between 2022 a nd 2025, p resenting
a positive outlook and a major business opportunity for insurance brokerages with the potential to expand their
market base.
Industry Significance: The insurance brokerage business serves as a vital risk diversification tool.
Commission-based income is steady and carries no credit risk, as it does not require loan loss provisioning or
significant working capital for lending. I ncreasing the revenue c ontribution f rom i nsurance services r educes overall
performance volatility and provides more stability to the Return on Equity (ROE) in the long run.
Figure: Motor Insurance Premium Value by Distribution Channel (Billion Baht)
Source: Office of Insurance Commission
Figure: Life Insurance Premium Value by Distribution Channel (Billion Baht)
Source: Thai Life Assurance Association
32
In the context of the Company's business operations, expanding service offerings into the insurance
brokerage business is not merely a pursuit of short-term market opportunities, but a critical strategy for revenue
restructuring to ensure long-term sustainability. Under the prevailing environment of the lending business, which is
characterized by price competition and stringent regulatory oversight, bolstering "Fee-based Income" through the
insurance brokerage channel acts as a business immunization. It generates a revenue stream free from "Non-Credit
Risk," directly enhancing net profit generation capabilities and cushioning the impact of market interest rate
fluctuations. Furthermore, it elevates and solidifies the Company's overall financial stability.
The key factor that establishes a competitive advantage over other operators is the synergy between the
Company's extensive network of over 9 00 branches and its existing—as well as soon-to-be-deployed—technological
infrastructure. The Company recognizes that community-level branches are the heart of accessing grassroots and
underbanked customers. The Company’s staff do not merely function as salespeople; they act as trusted advisors t o
our clients. Additionally, the Company offers a 0% installment service for insurance premiums to eliminate liquidity
barriers, making protection accessible to everyone. T his seamless integration o f t he close p ersonal r elationships built
by branch staff and the convenience of t echnology is t he definitive k ey t o s ustainably w inning t he hearts o f c ustomers
in provincial areas.
Insurance Brokerage Income and Growth Table
2025 2024 2023 CAGR
Insurance Brokerage Revenue (MB) 321.9 316.7 280.6 7.1%
1.3 Shareholding Structure
I Shareholding Structure in Subsidiaries
As o f D ecember 31, 2 025, t he Company’s investment i n s ubsidiaries i ncludes h oldings o f 1 0% o r m ore o f t he total
issued shares. Ngernturbo Public Company Limited directly holds a 99.99% stake in 5 subsidiaries. The Group's
shareholding structure is as follows:
Company Name Abbreviation Business Type %
NTBX Co., Ltd. 2 NTBX Credit guarantee services 99.99%
Ngernturbo Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. NTBI Non-life and life insurance brokerage 99.99%
Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd. NTBPL Cash and installment sales 99.99%
Ngernturbo Development Center Co., Ltd. TURBODC Training center for the Group's employees 99.99%
Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. LAZY Insurance business consulting 99.99%
2 The Group has ceased providing credit guarantee services to new customers s ince M ay 1 0, 2022, and currently o nly continues t o s ervice existing
outstanding guarantee contracts
33
I Major Shareholders
Top 10 Major Shareholders (as of September 25, 2025)
Rank Shareholder Name No. of Shares %
1 Mrs. Nattaya Tangmitrphracha 400,000,000 14.98
2 Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha 400,000,000 14.98
3 Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap 302,000,000 11.31
4 Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha 288,000,000 10.79
5 Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap 288,000,000 10.79
6 Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha 288,000,000 10.79
7 Kasikorn Vision Company Limited 133,000,000 4.98
8 K Mid Small Cap Equity RMF 31,873,800 1.19
9 Muang Thai Life Assurance Public Company Limited 13,300,000 0.50
10 Mr. Sataporn Ngamruengphong 12,000,000 0.45
Top 10 Total 2,156,173,800 80.76
Other Shareholders 513,826,200 19.24
Grand Total 2,670,000,000 100
Note: 1) The Company has no persons with potential conflicts of interest holding more than 10% of shares in subsidiaries or
associated companies.
2) Data as of September 25, 2025 (Book Closing Date).
Source: Thailand Securities Depository Co., Ltd. (TSD)
The Company is not a holding company and has no shareholding agreement among the major shareholders.
1.4 Registered and Paid-up Capital
I Registered Capital
The Company has a registered capital of 1,360,000,000 Baht and a paid-up capital of 1,335,000,000 Baht,
divided into 2,670,000,000 ordinary shares with a par value of 0.50 Baht per share.
Note: The portion that has not yet been called up is reserved for employee ESOP-Warrants.
I Non-Voting Depository Receipt (NVDR)
As o f O ctober 3 1, 2 025, 8 ,413,100 o rdinary shares o f t he Company w ere h eld by Thai NVDR C ompany L imited.
Since the issuance of NVDR is not under the Company's control, investors can verify the current number of shares
held as NVDR on the Stock Exchange of Thailand's website at www.set.or.th/nvdr.
34
The impact on voting rights is that ordinary shares held through NVDRs do not carry voting rights at
shareholders' meetings, except for voting on delisting resolutions. Consequently, if a large number of t he Company's
shares are held as NVDRs, the total number of voting shares will decrease, potentially increasing the relative voting
power of other shareholders.
1.5 Issuance of Other Securities
I Convertible Securities
The Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company No. 1/2024, held on September 23,
2024, resolved to approve the issuance and allocation of warrants to purchase ordinary shares of the Company to
directors and employees of the Group (ESOP-Warrants) in a total amount not exceeding 50,000,000 u nits, a s w ell as
the allocation of 50,000,000 newly issued ordinary shares with a par value of Baht 0.50 per share to accommodate
the exercise of such warrants.
Warrant Series Details:
Series Number of Shares Exercise Price (Baht/Share)
1 TURBO-E1 700,000 0.000
2 TURBO-E2 12,000,000 1.200
3 TURBO-E3 26,000,000 1.875
4 TURBO-E4 11,300,000 0.000
Total 50,000,000
I Debentures
In 2025, the Company issued debentures for b usiness operations, working c apital, and debt r epayment. A s o f
December 31, 2025, the total outstanding value of senior unsecured bonds is 923.30 million Baht.
Symbol Issue Date Maturity Date Term (Years) Interest (% p.a.) Amount (Baht)
1 TURBO265A Jun 23, 2023 May 07, 2026 2.87 5.40% 179,000,000
2 TURBO266A Jun 21, 2024 Jun 12, 2026 1.98 5.40% 178,700,000
3 TURBO276A Jun 21, 2024 Jun 11, 2027 2.97 5.80% 181,300,000
4 TURBO26NA Dec 04, 2024 Nov 03, 2026 1.92 5.10% 56,400,000
5 TURBO27NA Dec 04, 2024 Nov 03, 2027 2.92 5.65% 77,900,000
6 TURBO276B Mar 21, 2025 Jun 11, 2027 2.22 5.50% 152,400,000
7 TURBO286A Mar 21, 2025 Jun 11, 2028 3.23 5.90% 97,600,000
Total 923,300,000
35
Note: (1) The total value of the issued debentures is not equal to the outstanding balance presented in the financial statements
because the balance in the financial statements is net of deferred underwriting costs amounting to THB 5,851,232.00.
(2) The tenor is calculated from the issuance date to the maturity date.
1.6 Dividend Payment Policy
The Company has a policy to pay dividends of no less than 20% of the net profit from i ts separate financial
statements, after deducting corporate income tax and allocating the reserves as specified by law a nd the Articles of
Association.
However, the Company may consider withholding dividend payments when the Company believes there is
high potential for revenue growth and profitability accordingly. Since the Company's business requires substantial
capital, refraining from paying dividends during periods of such high growth potential c an c reate long-term value f or
shareholders more effectively than dividend distribution.
The aforementioned dividend payment policy may be subject to change based on necessity and other
considerations deemed appropriate by the Company’s Board o f D irectors. S uch c onsiderations include t he Company’s
operating performance, financial liquidity, cash flow, financial position, the need for working capital to manage and
expand the business, economic conditions, and other relevant factors in the future.
Annual dividend payments must be approved by the shareholders. However, in t he case of i nterim dividends,
the Company's Board of Directors may approve such payments from time to time when it deems that the Company
has s ufficient profits to do so. Such interim distributions shall be reported to the shareholders at the subsequent
shareholders' meeting.
Dividend Payment History
Year Approval Date Payment Date Dividend Rate Total Amount
(Baht/Share) (Baht)
Annual Dividend 2025 - - - -
Annual Dividend 2024 - - - -
Annual Dividend 2023 - - - -
36

Risk Management Overview
Objective
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited (the “Company”) recognizes and foresees the importance o f e nterprise
risk management, which is a component of good corporate governance principles, to drive the organization t owards
stable growth and business expansion, possess a secure financial position, and be able to generate appropriate
returns for shareholders. Furthermore, this is to comply with the principles o f G ood Corporate Governance, including
Check and Balance, amidst the business competition the Company currently faces. This constantly changing
environment, whether caused by external or internal factors, may impact the ability to achieve the Company's goals
and core missions. Initially, the Company has assigned the Risk Management Committee to be responsible for
formulating an enterprise-wide risk m anagement policy and overseeing the implementation of appropriate risk
management systems or processes to mitigate impacts on the Company's business.
I Definition of Risk and Risk Management
Risk refers to various uncertain c hances o r e vents, or anything t hat prevents current plans o r operations f rom
achieving their defined objectives or goals, thereby causing a negative impact on the organization, both in terms o f
monetary impact and impact on the organization's image and reputation.
Risk Management refers to the process implemented by the Board o f D irectors, e xecutives, and all personnel
within the organization to assist in strategy formulation and operations. The r isk m anagement p rocess i s d esigned t o
identify potential events that may affect the organization and manage risks to be within the organization's risk
appetite, in order to provide reasonable assurance in achieving the organization's defined objectives.
Emerging Risk refers to newly developing or emerging risks characterized by high uncertainty, limited
historical data, difficulty in quantitative measurement, and the potential to significantly impact the Company's
strategy, operations, financial position, or reputation in the future.
2.1 Policy, Structure, and Operational Framework
The Company recognizes the importance a nd necessity o f a dopting a risk management s ystem i n a ccordance
with international standards for its management. Aiming to be a key o rganization t hat creates customer s atisfaction,
possesses a good image, and develops the Company's operations in the same direction across the organization, the
risk management policy is defined as follows:
1. The Risk Management Committee is responsible for considering and formulating both external and internal
risk management policies for the Company to be comprehensive and aligned with business strategies and
directions. This must cover at least the following 7 types of risks:
1.1. Credit Risk
1.2. Liquidity/Funding Risk
1.3. Operational Risk
1.4. Strategic Risk
1.5. Compliance Risk
1.6. Reputational Risk
38
1.7. ESG Risk
In addition to the defined risk categories above, the Company must arrange for the identification and
monitoring of Emerging Risks, which refers to newly developing or emerging risks that may h ave a significant impact
in the medium to long term, despite current uncertainties regarding the likelihood of occurrence, impact, or timing.
2. Define risk management as the responsibility of employees at all levels, who must be aware of the risks
involved in their operations within their departments and the organization, giving i mportance t o v arious risk
management aspects and managing them under a systematic i nternal control to a sufficient and appropriate
level.
3. Establish an enterprise risk management process that complies with good standards according to
international practices to effectively manage risks that may impact the Company's operations, create
development, and implement risk management practices in t he same direction throughout the organization.
This involves i ntegrating t he risk m anagement s ystem a s a part of d ecision-making, s trategic planning, action
plans, and the Company's operations, as well as focusing on achieving the defined objectives, goals, vision,
mission, and strategies to create operational excellence and build the confidence of stakeholders.
4. Establish guidelines for preventing and mitigating operational risks of the Company to avoid potential
damages or losses, including regular monitoring and evaluation of risk management performance.
5. Promote and develop the adoption of modern information technology systems in the Company's risk
management processes, and support personnel at all levels to have thorough access to risk management
information sources, as well as organize an efficient risk management reporting system to the Risk
Management Committee.
6. To ensure t hat the Company proactively identifies and prepares for future uncertainties, the risk
management policy requires the assessment and reporting of Emerging Risks, which differ from daily
operational risk management, as follows:
○ Assessment Requirements: Emerging risks will be assessed based on the velocity of impact,
timeframe, and potential strategic impact as defined in the risk management framework.
○ Proportional Reporting: The depth and frequency of r eporting must be appropriate and proportional
t o the significance level of the assessed risks.
○ Annual Reporting: The Risk Management Department must formally present a n emerging r isk r eport
to the Risk Management Committee at least once a year.
○ Strategic Integration: Emerging risks assessed as highly significant must be integrated i nto s trategic
planning and business continuity planning where relevant.
39
I Risk Management Structure
In order for the Company to appropriately follow the defined Risk Management Policy, the Company has
established a Risk Management Structure. T hose i nvolved i n t he Company's risk m anagement i nclude p ersonnel at a ll
levels, from general employees up to the Board of Directors. The operational structure is as follows:
Risk Management Structure
Roles and Responsibilities of Those Involved in Risk Management
Based on the risk management structure, the roles and duties of each department are defined as follows:
Department/ Function Roles and Responsibilities
Board of Directors ○ Approve the Company's risk management and monitor
compliance with the defined plans to ensure effectiveness.
Risk Management Committee 1. Define organizational strategies and operating policies, and
supervise continuous risk analysis and management.
2. Supervise and encourage employees at all levels to be risk
aware, and promote continuous risk management processes
throughout the organization until it becomes an organizational
culture.
3. Support employees in receiving knowledge about risk
management.
40
Department/ Function Roles and Responsibilities
4. Review risk management reports and take action to ensure that
risk management is adequate and appropriate, can manage risks
to an acceptable level (Risk Appetite), and that risk
management is continuously implemented.
5. Continuously develop and review the Company's risk
management system for efficiency and effectiveness, by
regularly evaluating and monitoring the risk management
process in accordance with the defined policy.
6. Make decisions and provide recommendations regarding key
issues arising in the risk management process.
7. Present the operating results report of the Risk Management
Committee to the Board of Directors for acknowledgment
and/or consideration at least once a year.
8. Review, challenge, and endorse the Emerging Risk assessment
and determine required strategic responses.
Chief Executive Officer 1. Supervise officials to regularly analyze and assess risks in
related areas.
2. Approve relevant risk management guidelines.
Risk Management Division 1. Gather risks and risk management information from each
department and submit it to the Risk Management Committee.
2. Prepare risk management reports for submission to the Risk
Management Committee.
3. Coordinate to ensure risk analysis, assessment, and
management are carried out according to the specified
guidelines.
4. Coordinate, advise, and assist various departments in analyzing,
assessing, and managing risks.
5. Provide knowledge to various departments to ensure
understanding of the criteria for risk analysis, assessment, and
management.
6. Monitor the results of risk management across various
departments and notify the risk owners (departments) to
continuously manage and review risk management.
7. Lead the identification, assessment, documentation, and
reporting of Emerging Risks, including preparation of the
annual Emerging Risk Report and Risk Radar.
Chief of Division 1. Propose risk information and risk management methods for the
Risk Management Committee's consideration and approval.
2. Propose risk issues that cannot be managed to the Risk
Management Committee for consideration in defining
management guidelines.
41
Department/ Function Roles and Responsibilities
3. Monitor and evaluate risk management results.
4. Analyze and assess risks for each department and report risks
to the supervisor regularly.
5. Study, analyze, and regularly report potential risks to the
supervisor for acknowledgment.
6. Report risk management results.
7. Report encountered risks that have not yet been identified or
have insufficient management methods to the Risk
Management Department.
Operational Staff 1. Implement internal control systems to prevent risks.
2. Implement risk management according to the defined
guidelines.
3. Report encountered risks that have not yet been identified or
have insufficient management methods to the Risk
Management Department and inform the Department Manager.
I Acceptable Risk Level
Risk Appetite is the maximum acceptable risk level at the organizational level, defined by the management
under the supervision of the Risk Management Committee, and shall be used for risk assessment and management.
Any risk that has b een a nalyzed and assessed a nd found t o p otentially affect the Company b eyond t he acceptable risk
level requires the risk-owning department to prepare a risk management action plan and report it to the Risk
Management Committee.
I Risk Management Process
The Company's risk management process is based on the 8 components of the COSO-ERM framework:
1. Internal Environment: Establishes the Company's risk culture and foundation, including the formal Risk
Appetite Statement that guides strategy.
2. Objective Setting: Defines the Company's objectives (Strategic, O perations, Reporting, a nd Compliance) a nd
ensures they align with the stated risk appetite.
3. Event Identification: Identifies potential internal and external events that could affect the achievement of
objectives, classifying them into specific risk categories.
4. Risk Assessment: Analyzes the likelihood and impact of i dentified r isks, using a standard m atrix t o d etermine
their severity and prioritize them.
5. Risk Response: Selects and implements risk treatment methods (e.g., Avoidance, Mitigation, Transfer,
Acceptance) to align risks with the Company's risk tolerance.
6. Control Activities: Develops and implements policies and procedures, formulated into an Action Plan, to
ensure risk responses are effectively carried out.
42
7. Information & Communication: Ensures relevant risk information is c aptured and communicated in a timely
manner to enable effective decision-making at all levels.
8. Monitoring: Continuously tracks the risk m anagement p rocess, r isk p rofile, and control effectiveness through
activities like KRI tracking, incident/near-miss analysis, and scheduled reviews.
I Key Risk Management Performance in 2025
Risk title Impact Impact Likeli Risk Key Risk Target Perform
Level hood Management Indicator (KRI) ance
Plan Result
1 Leakage of confidential Loss of credibility, 5 1 Define data Number of data 0 0
information risk of lawsuits and access rights and breach incidents.
legal violations train employees
on PDPA.
2 Fraud from external and Loss of company's 5 1 Implement Number of 0 0
internal parties image and identity fraud/corruption
credibility verification and cases.
fraud prevention
systems.
3 Network Security System breached, 5 1 Implement Number of 0 0
data leaked, leading network security business
to damage controls and interruptions due
conduct security to network
testing. security issues.
4 Cyber Threat Business 5 1 Practice Number of cyber 0 0
43
Risk title Impact Impact Likeli Risk Key Risk Target Perform
Level hood Management Indicator (KRI) ance
Plan Result
interruption, data emergency incidents
loss, and potential response plans impacting
financial damage and backup data. business
from system operations.
recovery.
5 Core System Unavailability Service 5 1 Maintain backup Number of 0 0
interruption, and establish incidents that
affecting user recovery cannot be
satisfaction procedures. resolved within
the SLA.
6 Non-Compliance with Loss of investor 5 1 Have a Number of 0 0
regulatory requirements confidence, possible Compliance unit severe
revocation of track regulations deficiencies from
license and regularly audits.
assess
conformity.
7 Financial Liquidity Lack of working 5 1 Create cash flow Adjusted D/E <=3.5 1.15
capital and failure projections and Ratio
to meet debt manage the debt
obligations. ratio
appropriately
8 Competition Loss of market 4 3 Market research, Loan volume per 11.3 MB. 11.7 MB.
share, sales missing develop new branch.
targets products, and
elevate services
to create
differentiation.
9 Credit Quality Control Deteriorating asset 4 2 Monitor loan Proportion of >=80% 90.36%
quality leading to portfolios and performing loans.
increased adjust policies to
provisioning, align with
reduced liquidity market
and lower conditions.
profitability
10 Shortage of Personnel Lack of operational 3 3 Manpower Avg. >=2 2.09
efficiency, an planning and Branch-based
obstacle to business managing Staff Ratio
expansion employee
engagement.
11 Sub-par customer service Loss of image, 3 2 Train employees Customer >=4 4.93
inability to retain and have fast satisfaction
customer base complaint score.
management
channels.
12 Theft Loss of assets, 2 1 Install security Net loss amount 0 0
impact on systems and from theft
employee and obtain insurance incidents.
customer safety coverage.
44
2.2 Risk Factors
The Group places great importance on systematic risk management to build confidence among all
stakeholder groups. The details of the risk factors are as follows:
1. Strategic Risk
1.1 Risks from Industry Competition: Currently, the regulated personal loan business and the insurance
brokerage business face continuous competition from various groups of operators. These are divided into financial
institution operators that have t urned t o e xpanding their c ustomer b ase among t hose w ho cannot a ccess c ommercial
bank services (Unbanked/Underbanked) and non-financial institution operators (Non-Bank). Furthermore, there is a
trend of industry operators undergoing mergers and acquisitions or entering into joint ventures to enhance their
competitive potential and reach new customer groups. Although this business has barriers to entry as it requires a
license from the Ministry of Finance a nd a substantial amount o f c apital, the attractive r eturns c onsistently d raw new
players. The competition model is not limited solely to interest rates but also encompasses the speed of loan
approval consideration, the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio, and service quality. Simultaneously, The Group must also
confront challenges from the growth of financial technology (Fintech), such as digital loans and peer-to-peer (P2P
Lending) platforms, which may impact market share and long-term profitability if The Group cannot a dapt promptly
to these innovative changes.
Management Guidelines: The Group focuses on creating differentiation and an excellent customer
experience through swift and community-accessible services by integrating l oan and insurance services i n a One-stop
Service format to increase convenience and maintain sustainable relationships. Additionally, The Group has an
Information Technology Department responsible for closely monitoring the development of the Fintech industry in
order to develop products and work systems to keep pace with new technologies. Furthermore, The Group has
formulated both short-term and long-term strategic plans, which have been approved by the Board of Directors, to
prepare for market changes. The Group also places importance on maintaining a balance between the expansion of
the loan portfolio and appropriate risk control to ensure that growth will be sustainable amidst i ntense competition
conditions.
1.2 Risks from Business Concentration: The Group's operational performance depends p rimarily on i ts core
business, which is the provision of vehicle title loans, accounting for a high proportion of its revenue. This nature of
business operations makes The G roup's revenue a nd profits s ensitive to m acroeconomic f actors a nd policy c hanges by
regulatory agencies, such as adjustments to the interest rate ceiling or r equirements regarding Responsible Lending.
If an economic recession occurs, unemployment rates rise, or consumer purchasing power declines, it may directly
impact the debt repayment ability of the target customer group, the majority of whom are groups with uncertain
incomes or daily wage earners. This increases the risk o f n on-performing l oans ( NPLs) a nd an increase i n e xpenses for
setting aside allowances for expected credit losses (ECL). The high reliance on a single type of financial product is
therefore considered a significant issue that may impact financial stability if fluctuations occur in the vehicle title
loan market.
Management Guidelines: The Group has a strategy focused on diversifying sources of revenue to mitigate
the risk of relying on a single business by aiming to increase the revenue proportion from the insurance brokerage
business and focusing on the development of new businesses that build upon the potential of existing assets,
personnel, and customer base. In addition, the branch structure covering all regions results in a balanced loan
45
portfolio that is not concentrated in any single zone and reaches a customer base with diverse occupations, which
helps reduce revenue volatility remarkably well, considering the non-performing loan risk.
1.3 Risks from Business Expansion and New Products Not Meeting Targets: The Group's growth relies on
continuous branch expansion and the introduction of new products and services. However, such operations entail
several risks that may prevent success according to the laid out plans, s uch as d elays i n p rocuring s pace to o pen new
branches, shortages of specialized personnel in the area, or the readiness of information technology systems to
support the expansion. Furthermore, the new products presented b y The G roup m ay n ot receive the expected m arket
response d ue t o h igh competition o r c hanging c ustomer b ehaviors. A nother aspect i s t he risk of f unding p rocurement;
if The Group cannot raise funds at an appropriate cost or in a sufficient amount for new loan disbursements and
branch expansions, i t w ill inevitably have a significant impact on T he G roup's growth targets and return on i nvestment
(ROI).
Management Guidelines: The Group is aware of such risks; therefore, it places importance on conducting a
careful Feasibility Study before investing in branch expansion, utilizing existing databases to analyze location
potential and plan manpower in advance. For new products, The G roup e mphasizes a strategy o f m arket testing w ith
the existing customer base to evaluate feedback and mitigate risks before expanding on a broader scale, in parallel
with developing a flexible information system to support growth. On the financial front, The Group has planned to
secure diversified funding to manage costs at an appropriate level sufficient for business expansion, while closely
monitoring and evaluating operational performance to ensure that the return on investment meets the established
targets.
2. Financial Risk
2.1 Interest Rate Risk: Fluctuations in money market interest rates directly impact The Group's financial
costs and interest rate spreads. Since the core business is providing personal loans and nano finance loans, which
have a maximum ceiling for interest received inclusive of fees as p rescribed b y the Bank o f T hailand and the Ministry
of Finance, The Group's main sources of funds come from borrowings from financial institutions and debentures. If
the policy interest rate or market interest rates increase, it will subsequently cause the interest paid on borrowings
with floating interest rates to rise. The Group cannot increase the interest rates received beyond the legal limit,
leading to a decrease in the Net Interest Margin. In addition, an upward interest rate environment may indirectly
affect the debt repayment ability o f d ebtors who have o ther liabilities w ith fl oating i nterest r ates, which could lead to
an overall default on debt repayments.
Management Guidelines: The Group recognizes the impact of i nterest r ate fluctuations; t hus, i t e mphasizes
rigorous asset and liability management by structuring borrowings with a n appropriate proportion b etween fixed a nd
floating interest rates to mitigate the risk of potentially rising costs. This is coupled with a strategy to diversify
funding sources from both the capital market and financial institutions. The Group focuses on continuously
maintaining good relationships with the existing group of partner banks to ensure the stability of supporting credit
lines and flexible conditions. Simultaneously, it has a ccelerated t he expansion of i ts network o f n ew financial p artners
to increase alternatives and bargaining power in s ecuring c ompetitively p riced f unding. F urthermore, market interest
rate trends are closely monitored to promptly adjust funding and liquidity management s trategies i n a lignment with
economic conditions.
2.2 Liquidity Risk: The expansion of the loan portfolio and branch expansion according to The Group's
business plan continuously requires a substantial amount o f i nvestment c apital. Liquidity r isk thus a rises if T he G roup
cannot secure sufficient funding for new loan disbursements or cannot r epay debts d ue a ccording to c ontracts. Since
46
The Group relies on borrowings from financial institutions as its primary funding source, if there are changes in the
credit policies of financial institutions or an economic downturn that causes financial i nstitutions to r educe financial
assistance, it may significantly impact the liquidity in business operations. Additionally, obligations under loan
agreements that require maintaining financial covenants, such as the total debt-to-equity ratio (D/E Ratio), if The
Group fails to comply with the conditions, financial institutions may have the right to immediately recall the loans,
which would affect The Group's cash flow and growth plans.
Management Guidelines: To ensure that liquidity management is efficient and sufficient for business
expansion, The Group has established a financial m anagement p olicy t hat emphasizes a balance b etween short-term
and long-term funding sources, aligning with the loan portfolio to reduce risks from liquidity shortages. The Group
focuses on maintaining strong relationships with e xisting p artner fi nancial i nstitutions to c onfirm c ontinuous s upport
credit lines, alongside negotiating to expand the base of new financial partners and seeking alternative funding
sources to diversify risks. Furthermore, The Group closely and regularly monitors and manages its capital structure
and Financial Covenants, particularly the debt-to-equity ratio, to ensure that The Group can s trictly c omply w ith t he
conditions of loan agreements and maintain robust financial discipline to support future growth.
2.3 Credit Risk: The Group's primary target group is a large demographic that cannot access the financial
services of commercial banks (Unbanked/Underbanked), who often have uncertain incomes or lack clear income
certification documents. This inherently exposes The Group to the risk that debtors may b e unable t o r epay debts a s
scheduled. Factors impacting credit quality consist of external factors, such as economic conditions, politics,
unemployment rates, and inflation rates, which are beyond control; and internal factors, such as the efficiency in
assessing debt repayment ability a nd evaluating collateral v alue. I f the loan approval process i s fl awed or the debtors'
credit risk deteriorates, it may lead to higher non-performing loans (NPLs), which will directly impact The Group's
financial position and operational performance.
Management Guidelines: The Group p laces the highest p riority o n s creening debtor quality b y establishing a
stringent Credit Policy, which emphasizes a ssessing the actual debt r epayment ability c oupled w ith c areful evaluation
of collateral value. This involves determining the Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio at an appropriate level to l imit p otential
damage in the event of default. Additionally, The G roup i ntegrates t echnology systems and databases to a ssist in r isk
analysis (Credit Scoring) for approval accuracy, and maintains an efficient debt collection unit to closely manage
debtors who begin to fall into arrears, in order to maintain the loan portfolio quality within controllable criteria and
reduce the likelihood of long-term non-performing loans.
2.4 Portfolio Q uality and P rovisioning Risk: Under t he Thai Financial R eporting Standard No. 9 (TFRS 9 ), The
Group must record the recognition of Expected Credit Loss (ECL) for all financial assets by classifying debtors into 3
levels (Stages). Risk arises when macroeconomic factors or unexpected events cause the majority of debtors to be
reclassified from Stage 1 (Performing) to Stage 2 (Significant Increase in Credit Risk) or Stage 3 (Credit-Impaired),
which would require The Group to increase its provisions rapidly and significantly, even if actual losses have not yet
occurred. Given that the target customer group is highly sensitive to negative economic factors, future changes in
financial reporting criteria or new interpretations could result in increased provisioning expenses and significantly
impact The Group's net profit.
Management Guidelines: The Group places the highest priority on managing credit quality and precise
provisioning. It has adopted the Expected Credit Loss (ECL) Model, which has been designed and reviewed by
professional experts, for its operations under the supervision of internal personnel with specialized knowledge and
expertise. This is t o e nsure t hat the model is r eliable a nd can a ccurately r eflect t he true r isk s tatus o f c urrent debtors,
coupled with close monitoring of individual debtor quality to identify early warning signs before a debtor is
47
downgraded. Furthermore, The G roup r egularly reviews t he model's a ssumptions to a lign w ith e conomic conditions t o
ensure sufficient provisioning and reduce earnings volatility in the long term.
2.5 Risks from the Management of Collaterals and Non-Performing Assets: In providing loans secured by
vehicle registration books or land title deeds, The Group faces legal risks since holding the registration b ook o r l and
right document without mortgage registration does not grant The Group the status of a secured creditor under the
law with immediate rights to enforce debt repayment. The major risk is the inability to track down the collateral
assets as they are easily movable, can be hidden, or lost. Additionally, once t he assets are t racked down a nd become
Non-Performing Assets (NPA), The Group continues to face the risk that the auction price may not cover the
outstanding debt due to the depreciation of the asset's condition over its useful life or a decline i n t he popularity of
the vehicle model. If the asset d isposal process i s d elayed, it w ill d iminish t he asset's value a nd increase t he burden of
storage and maintenance expenses, w hich may result in The Group having to recognize losses from the sale of
Non-Performing Assets.
Management Guidelines: The Group places the highest priority on collateral v alue m anagement, b eginning
with the establishment of a stringent Loan-to-Value (LTV) policy, alongside continuous monitoring and appraisal of
the current asset value to reflect the true market price and accommodate price fluctuations. S hould i t b e necessary
to s eize collateral a s N on-Performing Assets (NPA), The G roup h as a specialized t ask f orce responsible f or d etermining
appropriate selling prices and collaborating with a network of leading auction yard partners to help expedite the
distribution of assets into the market, thereby reducing the burden of maintenance expenses and depreciation.
In addition, to mitigate the risk of lost documents which may impact legal rights, The Group has adopted a
cloud system meeting international standards to store digital copies of loan agreements and collaterals, in parallel
with the safekeeping of the original physical documents. This ensures the availability of complete evidence for
litigation and the most effective enforcement of debt repayment.
3. Operational Risk
3.1 Risk from system and human errors: The group's business operations primarily rely on information
technology systems across various processes, such a s financial data preparation, customer data storage, loan
approval consideration, and collateral valuation. If these systems malfunction, disrupt, or are unable to operate
continuously due to internal or external factors beyond control, it may negatively impact business operations and
brand reputation. Furthermore, there are risks arising from personnel (Human Error), such as mistakes in verifying
original collateral d ocuments or errors in recording insurance policy data. These could lead to financial losses or
subsequent legal disputes if important documents, such as title deeds or vehicle registration booklets, are lost or
damaged due to unsystematic storage at the branches.
Management Guidelines: The group recognizes the risks associated with systems and personnel, and
therefore selects information technology systems with international standards, along with preparing a Business
Continuity Plan (BCP) and a Disaster Recovery Plan to ensure that the business can continue to operate even in an
emergency. Regarding personnel, the group implements a strict policy requiring all employees to pass training
programs and testing c riteria on s ystem k nowledge and understanding completely before b eing a llowed t o commence
actual work, in order to eliminate the risk of human errors from the beginning, coupled with the use of a
Maker-Checker system in the operational procedures.
48
For the management o f i mportant documents, the group has e stablished a strict and secure policy f or s toring
original documents at b ranches, w hile simultaneously c reating d igital c opies on r eliable c loud s ystems to p revent loss
and serve as backup data, which effectively confirms the accuracy of information and maximally preserves legal
rights.
3.2 Cybersecurity and personal data risks: In i ts normal c ourse of b usiness, the group is r equired to c ollect,
process, and retain a large volume of personal data of customers and employees. Consequently, there is a risk of
cyberattacks, threats from unauthorized system access, or misconduct by personnel, w hich could l ead to t he leakage
of sensitive information. In addition, under the Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA), the group has a legal
obligation to strictly c omply w ith t he procedures f or c ollecting, u sing, o r disclosing i nformation. I n the event o f a data
breach or improper compliance with the aforementioned law, the group may face complaints, lawsuits for
compensation, civil and criminal penalties, and severe damage to the organization's reputation.
Management Guidelines: The group places the highest priority on cybersecurity and personal data
protection by s trictly adhering to the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA) under the supervision of the Data
Protection Officer and the Risk Management Committee for technology. The group has invested in developing
international standard security systems, including firewalls, data encryption, and access control on a need-to-know
basis, along with regular penetration tests. F urthermore, the group focuses on b uilding internal d efenses b y requiring
all employees to undergo training and tests on cyber threats and data usage ethics to prevent data leakage due to
negligence.
3.3 Risk from cloud system dependency: All of the group's core information t echnology systems are s tored
and processed on Cloud Computing Platforms, as they can accommodate rapid changes better than traditional
systems. However, relying on this technology exposes the group to risks if the external service provider experiences
technical issues, rendering them unable to provide services during c ritical periods, o r i f t he cloud s ystem i s s ubjected
to a cyberattack that could disrupt nationwide operations. Although the group has preventive measures in place, it
cannot fully guarantee that such issues will not occur in the future. A prolonged system failure would significantly
impact the group's ability to serve customers and its competitiveness.
Management Guidelines: The group chooses to use cloud s ervices f rom h ighly r eliable g lobal p roviders t hat
possess international-level security and system s tability measures. A key m anagement g uideline i s t o i mplement d ata
backup on primary and secondary servers across multiple regions and countries. This ensures t hat if the database at
any single point encounters a problem, backup data can be retrieved for use, allowing the business to continue
operating promptly. Furthermore, the group regularly discusses w ith s ervice p roviders t o v erify the adequacy of c yber
threat prevention measures and prepares a reserve budget for procuring alternative operational resources in the
event of unexpected incidents, aiming to minimize the impact on business opportunities.
3.4 Risk from internal f raud: Despite having an internal control system, the group cannot g uarantee t hat it
will detect all fraudulent activities or illegal actions by its personnel. Potential internal fraud includes intentionally
approving loans for unqualified individuals, colluding with external parties to forge documents, or embezzling
collateral assets. These events not only cause the group to suffer financial losses from higher n on-performing l oans
(NPLs) but may also lead to criminal proceedings and negative news that significantly affect the confidence of
investors and the public in the group's brand.
Management Guidelines: The group places the highest p riority o n p reventing a nd suppressing i nternal fraud
within the organization by establishing a rigorous check-and-balance structure at every step of the loan approval
process, clearly separating the duties of customer acquisition and approval (Segregation of Duties). Additionally, an
49
independent Internal Audit department conducts regular random inspections of branches a nd evaluates t he internal
control systems. If any suspicious activity is found, an investigation will be conducted, and maximum disciplinary
action will be taken immediately. Furthermore, the group has opened a secure whistleblowing c hannel t hat protects
informants to promote transparency, coupled with cultivating a culture of integrity through continuous employee
code of conduct training, to prevent long-term damage to the organization's assets and reputation.
3.5 Risk from external fraud: The group also faces risks of fraud by external individuals or criminal
syndicates using increasingly complex methods, such as forging identity documents to apply for loans, using
counterfeit title deeds or vehicle registration booklets, or using assets pledged elsewhere as duplicate collateral
(Double Financing). If these risks slip through the verification process, they will not only cause immediate financial
damage from bad debts but may also involve the group in legal proceedings or receiving stolen property charges,
widely impacting the group's reputation and credibility.
Management Guidelines: The group implements a strict Know Your Customer (KYC) process, utilizing
technology to read data from the chip on the national ID card to verify the identity of customers using t he services.
This is done in parallel with checking information against the database of individuals with a history of fraud or high
risk, to suspend transactions with such individuals immediately. Regarding collateral, the group requires branch
officers to conduct a physical inspection of the asset and thoroughly check t he chassis/engine n umbers before e very
approval. Additionally, the group places the utmost importance on the capabilities of its frontline personnel by
mandating that all employees complete training and pass testing criteria on document verification and observing
fraudulent behaviors in actual operations completely before being authorized to commence duties, ensuring that
employees have sufficient expertise to act as the first line of defense in screening risks.
3.6 Risk from human resource management and employee retention: Continuous branch expansion
according to the business plan requires a large number of quality personnel, particularly branch officers and
marketing officers who possess an understanding of loan and insurance products. If the group is unable to recruit
personnel as planned, or experiences a high turnover rate due t o i ntense competition f or t alent in t he industry, it w ill
directly impact the continuity of service, the efficiency of expanding the customer base, and increase the costs of
recruiting and training new personnel, which is a significant obstacle to achieving the group's growth targets.
Management Guidelines: The group prioritizes employee care b y providing a competitive compensation a nd
benefits structure in the market, along with establishing clear career paths to motivate high-potential employees.
Furthermore, the group focuses on e mployee e ngagement a nd has a succession plan for k ey p ositions t o m itigate the
impact of resignations and ensure that the group has personnel ready to seamlessly replace one another without
affecting customer service.
4. Compliance Risk
4.1 Regulatory supervision from government agencies (BOT and OIC): The g roup's b usiness operations, i n
both lending and insurance brokerage, are u nder the supervision of v arious government a gencies, s uch as t he Ministry
of Finance, the Bank of Thailand (BOT), the Office of Insurance Commission (OIC), and the Office of the Consumer
Protection Board (OCPB). These regulations continuously change and develop, such as the criteria for Responsible
Lending and Market Conduct. If the group fails t o a dapt i ts operations w ithin t he specified t imeframe or misinterprets
the laws, it may result in civil or criminal penalties, revocation of licenses, or orders to temporarily or permanently
suspend business operations, which would severely impact operational results and financial position.
50
Management Guidelines: The group places the highest priority on strict compliance with laws and
regulations by establishing a Compliance department to closely monitor regulatory changes from regulators, and
regularly sends representatives to attend meetings with the Vehicle Title Loan Trade Association to exchange
information and proactively prepare for potential new draft laws. At the operational level, the group emphasizes f air
customer service, particularly the prohibition of forced cross-selling of i nsurance with l oans, w here t he group utilizes
a Mystery Shopping system to monitor service quality at branches to ensure employees adhere to the established
standards. Furthermore, the group maintains a strict personnel policy, requiring all employees to complete training
and pass tests on relevant regulations completely (100%) before being allowed to start actual work, including
continuous refresher training to build a transparent corporate culture and mitigate long-term legal risks.
4.2 Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism (AML/CFT) Risk: The lending
business carries a risk of being used as a channel for money laundering or financing terrorism, which is r egulated b y
the Anti-Money Laundering Office (AMLO). If the group lacks a rigorous verification system to identify customers or
the source of funds and conducts transactions with individuals on Designated Lists, the group may v iolate AML/CFT
laws, leading to substantial fines, loss of reputation, and potential impacts on relationships with partner financial
institutions providing funding.
Management Guidelines: The group prioritizes AML/CFT by mandating detailed Know Your Customer ( KYC)
and Customer Due Diligence processes before initiating any transactions. It employs modern technology systems to
check against AMLO's designated lists and applies a Risk-Based Approach to assess each customer's money
laundering risk level to determine the appropriate intensity of verification. In addition, the group strictly submits
reports of suspicious transactions to regulatory bodies a s r equired by law. R egarding personnel, t he group focuses o n
building immunity by training employees to recognize suspicious behaviors and mandating that all employees pass
testing criteria on operational regulations c ompletely (100%) before b eing a uthorized t o c ommence work, to prevent
risks and establish sustainable systematic working standards.
4.3 Debt collection legal risk: Under the Debt Collection Act B.E. 2558, strict practices are stipulated
regarding the methods, timing, and frequency of contacting debtors, as well as prohibiting threats or the use of
inappropriate language, which carry imprisonment, fines, and administrative penalties. This risk is highly significant
for the retail lending business, given the group's large retail customer base and daily debt collection activities. If
employees or outsourced collection agencies fail to follow procedures or use impolite language, leading to
c omplaints o r n egative c overage on s ocial media, i t w ill s everely damage the organization's Reputation R isk and could
also lead to criminal charges affecting the qualifications of executives and the renewal of business licenses.
Management Guidelines: The group attaches the utmost importance to the code of conduct in debt
collection. It has established a Code of Conduct strictly a ligned w ith t he law a nd utilizes a Voice Recording system t o
monitor the service q uality of e very call, p reventing t he use o f i nappropriate language and serving a s e vidence i n c ase
of complaints. Regarding personnel, the group mandates that all debt collection staff undergo training on relevant
legal provisions and pass testing criteria completely before b eing a uthorized t o b egin w ork. Furthermore, when using
outsourced collection agencies, the group applies stringent selection criteria and conducts regular performance
reviews to ensure that external representatives adhere to the same standards as the group.
4.4 Risk from SET and SEC regulations: As a listed company on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET), the
group must strictly comply with the regulations of the SET and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
especially concerning the disclosure o f m aterial i nformation, t he preparation o f fi nancial r eports, and good c orporate
governance. Risks m ay arise if the group discloses information l ate, i ncompletely, or i n c ases of i nsider trading f or t he
51
benefit of personnel, which could result in the group being fined, receiving warning signs, or being delisted,
significantly affecting shareholder confidence and the security's price.
Management G uidelines: The g roup places the highest p riority o n m anagement a ccording to g ood c orporate
governance and transparency. It has appointed a Company Secretary and an Investor Relations unit to oversee the
accurate, complete, a nd timely disclosure o f information a ccording to r egulations, and has a lso e stablished a policy t o
prevent insider trading, strictly p rohibiting executives and relevant e mployees f rom t rading s ecurities during s pecified
Silent Periods. Furthermore, the group promotes knowledge among d irectors a nd executives through courses o ffered
by the Thai Institute of Directors (IOD).
5. Reputational Risk
5.1 Risk from debt collection and services: The group recognizes that its brand and reputation under the
trade name "Ngernturbo" are significant factors in its success in a cquiring new customers and retaining e xisting o nes
sustainably. However, b ecause its core business involves p roviding l oans t o t he general public, t he group is e xposed t o
the risk of complaints or lawsuits from customers arising from normal business operations. This may include legal
proceedings and d isputes that occur occasionally, especially during the debt collection process when customers
default beyond t he specified p eriod. I f the group's e mployees f ail to p erform according to e stablished s tandards or a ct
in violation of the Debt Collection Act—such as u sing i nappropriate language, c ontacting w ith a frequency exceeding
legal limits, or disclosing debt information to unrelated third parties—such behaviors will result in a negative i mage
for the organization through dissemination on social media or public news reporting. These events may negatively
affect consumer confidence, decrease market share, and lead to s trict scrutiny b y relevant r egulatory a gencies, e ven if
the group did not intentionally cause such events. These factors c ollectively h ave a significant negative i mpact on its
financial position and future business opportunities.
Management Guidelines: The group gives top priority to complying with laws, regulations, and
announcements related to debt collection and fair customer service, by establishing clear policies and operational
manuals for all branch employees to strictly follow. The group conducts regular employee training to enhance
understanding of key criteria and quality service standards. For the debt collection process, the group has adopted
voice recording technology to monitor communication quality and systematically evaluate e mployee p erformance. In
addition, it has set up a dedicated unit and easily accessible internal and external channels f or r eceiving c omplaints,
allowing stakeholders to report service issues or inappropriate operational conduct. Upon receiving a complaint, t he
group will proceed according to t he defined complaint management procedures, enabling personnel in relevant
departments to verify facts, resolve the issue, and provide timely feedback to the customer appropriate to each
situation. This aims to resolve incidents and ensure customer satisfaction before problems escalate and affect the
broader image and reputation.
5.2 Risk from impersonation or fake pages: Currently, there are impersonations of the name "Ngernturbo"
through digital channels i n i ncreasingly sophisticated f orms, such as c reating f ake Facebook P ages, f ake Line IDs, fake
websites, or sending fake SMS messages to deceive the public into transferring unauthorized fees or demanding
improper debt payments. Although the group is not the perpetrator, these incidents damage the brand's credibility
and cause harm to the general public. I f the group cannot communicate or prevent this effectively, investors and
customers may lose confidence in transacting through the group's online channels, which are vital for future growth.
Management Guidelines: The group places the utmost importance on protecting its brand and customer
safety by establishing a dedicated task force to continuously monitor and inspect social media. If fake pages or
impersonating accounts are detected, immediate action is taken t o b lock them, and coordination with p olice officers
52
is made to pursue maximum legal action. Preventively, the group focuses on proactive communication through
Official channels with verified badges (Verified Accounts) to consistently warn and educate customers on how to
identify scammers, emphasizing its key stance: "No policy requiring fee transfers before loan approval in any case."
Furthermore, the group has developed a system allowing customers to immediately check the status and verify the
identity of employees via its Line Official Account and Call Center, building confidence in transactions and
maintaining the organization's long-term credibility.
5.3 Risk from product u nderstanding a nd p artners' r eputation: The g roup operates a n insurance brokerage
business offering products from various partner insurance companies. Reputational risks may arise if customers
misunderstand c overage conditions or policy exclusions (Coverage & Exclusions) and subsequently cannot claim
compensation as expected. Even if the problem originates from the product itself o r t he underwriting p rocess o f t he
originating insurance company, customers often direct their blame towards the group as the seller, which directly
impacts the brand's credibility. Moreover, if a partner insurance company encounters financial difficulties or has a
negative reputation, the group may be affected by the resulting crisis of faith.
Management Guidelines: The group places the highest priority on selecting business partners, primarily
considering their financial stability and reputation in claims services, to deliver quality products to customers.
Regarding sales, the group emphasizes transparency and accuracy by requiring all sales staff to hold valid licenses,
ensuring customers receive the most complete and accurate information to prevent subsequent misunderstandings.
6. ESG Risk
6.1 Social and corporate governance risks: As a retail loan provider, the group's significant social risk is
contributing to household debt problems if loans are granted without considering appropriate debt repayment
capabilities or focusing solely on portfolio growth. Furthermore, corporate transparency and fair management
towards all stakeholder groups are the foundation of sustainability. If the group lacks good c orporate governance, i t
may lead to a crisis of confidence in its operations and could face scrutiny or penalties from regulatory bodies,
affecting the long-term sustainability of the business.
Management Guidelines: The group operates its business in accordance with Fair Lending principles by
assessing actual repayment capability alongside collateral value. It promotes financial literacy among customers
through various channels to encourage responsible borrowing. Regarding corporate governance, the group has a
board structure comprising independent directors and an Audit Committee to balance power and ensure
transparency. Additionally, it h as e stablished anti-corruption a nd whistleblower p olicies t o f oster a culture o f i ntegrity
and sustainability.
6.2 Risk from dependency on key executives and personnel: The continuous success and growth of the
group depend on the knowledge, understanding, and experience of its top e xecutives and specialized p ersonnel. T he
lending and insurance businesses require skills in effective risk assessment and customer management. If the group
loses key personnel or fails to recruit capable replacements in a timely manner, it may a ffect operational continuity,
customer relationship management, and the planned loan portfolio expansion goals.
Management Guidelines: The group emphasizes the formulation of a Succession Plan and proactive
personnel recruitment to prepare for critical positions. It establishes clear Career Paths and regularly conducts skill
development training for employees at all levels. Moreover, it provides a competitive compensation system
comparable to the industry, including compensation in the form o f E mployee Stock Ownership P lan ( ESOP) W arrants,
53
to foster long-term engagement and motivate executives and employees t o c ontinuously strive for t he organization's
success.
6.3 Risk from major shareholders' control: The Tangmitrphracha and Ruangsuttipap family groups remain
major shareholders, collectively holding approximately 74.18% of the total issued and paid-up shares. This
shareholding proportion grants the major shareholder group almost complete control over the resolutions of the
shareholders' meetings, whether regarding the appointment o f d irectors, approval of d ividend payments, or a pprovals
requiring a majority vote. Consequently, other shareholders face the risk of not being able to g ather s ufficient votes
to check and balance the matters proposed by the major shareholders.
Management Guidelines: The group has established an auditable management structure, with three
independent directors serving on the Audit Committee to oversee and balance the decision-making power of the
Board of Directors. The scopes of duties for various sub-committees are clearly defined. Furthermore, the group
strictly adheres to regulations regarding related-party transactions with individuals who may have conflicts of
interest. Such individuals have no authority to approve and no right to vote o n t hose t ransactions, e nsuring that the
group's decisions are made fairly for the ultimate benefit of all shareholders.
7 . Securities Risk
7.1 Risk from ordinary share price volatility, liquidity, and trading volume: The group's share price may
experience significant volatility, potentially preventing i nvestors f rom s elling shares at t heir e xpected p rices. External
factors beyond the group's control directly impact the share price, such as d omestic and international economic and
political conditions, overall stock market conditions, and the volatility of securities prices in the lending industry.
Furthermore, investor sentiment and analysts' perspectives on business opportunities, as well as discrepancies
between actual o perational results a nd analysts' f orecasts, i nevitably affect the supply and demand of t he stock in t he
market. Changes in monetary policies, such as interest rates, taxes, and exchange rates, along with n ew regulations
from r egulatory bodies, are all factors that cause uncertainty in t he share price a nd trading l iquidity, w hich may l imit
investors' ability to sell the group's shares immediately.
Management Guidelines: The group focuses on achieving stable operational growth according to i ts targets
to build confidence in the business fundamentals among l ong-term shareholders and investors. The g roup places the
highest priority on accurately, completely, and timely disclosing its operational results and financial status to the
public according to the Stock Exchange of Thailand's regulations. This ensures that investors and analysts receive
sufficient and equal information for their investment decisions. A transparent communication process h elps m itigate
the impact of misunderstandings or b aseless rumors t hat could affect the share price. In addition, the group regularly
o rganizes investor relations activities to listen to opinions and clarify business trends to stakeholders.
7.2 Risk of delisting from the Stock Exchange of T hailand: T he g roup's o rdinary shares m ay f ace the risk of
being delisted if the group fails to maintain its status as a listed company or lacks appropriate qualifications as
required by the Stock Exchange of Thailand. A key issue is the risk of maintaining the Free Float proportion, which
requires having no f ewer t han 1 50 retail s hareholders who collectively h old n o l ess t han 1 5.0% of t he paid-up capital.
If changes i n t he shareholding s tructure or t he holding behaviors o f r etail i nvestors cause this proportion t o f all below
the criteria, the group may face registration measures or be announced as a company subject t o p otential delisting.
Furthermore, if t he group is u nable t o s ubmit financial s tatements o n t ime, o r has a financial p osition a nd operational
results that fall within the criteria for potential delisting, it will severely impact the securities' trading liquidity and
the investment value of all shareholders.
54
Management Guidelines: The group will consistently monitor and verify the various requirements of the
Stock Exchange of Thailand to ensure that the group's ordinary shares do not fall into the delisting criteria. It has
established a Compliance unit and a Company Secretary to closely monitor changes in qualification criteria and
strictly review compliance with regulations at all times. I n the event o f a n incident t hat may a ffect its listed company
status, the group will promptly take corrective actions according to the Stock Exchange of Thailand's requirements
and communicate transparently and timely to investors via the Stock Exchange of Thailand's electronic system to
protect the utmost interests of shareholders and maintain a stable listed company status.
7.3 Risk from dilution effect caused by the exercise of rights: Currently, the group has i ssued and offered
warrants to purchase ordinary shares to directors, executives, and employees (ESOP Warrants) to create work
motivation. This is a potential future obligation. When the rights to c onvert into o rdinary shares a re e xercised within
the specified timeframe, the total number of issued shares of the group will immediately increase. As a result, the
ownership proportion and earnings per share of existing shareholders will decrease. If the group is u nable t o a chieve
sufficient net profit growth during the exercise period to compensate for the increased number of shares, it may
short-termly impact the market price of the ordinary shares.
Management Guidelines: The group acknowledges this impact and has t herefore d etermined a n appropriate
exercise price and conversion conditions to ensure that the issuance of ESOP is a crucial tool for retaining quality
personnel and motivating them to jointly drive exponential operational growth. The group believes that the
incremental net profit gained from this higher operational efficiency will compensate for the dilution effect in the
long run. Furthermore, the group prioritizes transparent and comprehensive information disclosure through its
annual report, enabling investors to utilize the data for accurate and complete stock valuation analysis.
7.4 Risk from future share sales by major shareholders: Following the Initial Public Offering (IPO) and the
expiration of the silent period as per the Stock Exchange of Thailand's criteria, existing shareholders or major
shareholder groups may s ell t he group's o rdinary shares in t he stock market. A significant volume of s hare sales c ould
affect investment psychology and create downward pressure on the group's share price, even if the group's b usiness
fundamentals remain unchanged.
Management Guidelines: The group focuses on generating sustainable operational growth to instill
confidence in the major shareholder groups to hold shares long-term. In addition, the group has strictly e stablished
policies for governing insider information and designated Blackout Periods for directors, executives, and related
persons prior to the disclosure of financial statements or significant information, ensuring transparency and fairness
to general investors. The group mandates that directors and executives must report any changes in their securities
holdings (Form 59) to the SEC within the legally specified timeframe for every transaction, and disclose such
information via the Stock Exchange of Thailand's information system. This allows investors to stay timely informed
about the executives' movements.
7.5 Risk regarding dividend payment capability: The group's ability to pay dividends depends on its
operational results, financial position, cash flows, future investment plans, and conditions in loan agreements
(Financial Covenants) that may impose certain restrictions. E ven if t he group generates a net profit, s hould it f oresee
business growth opportunities with potential to generate higher long-term returns for shareholders, the group may
consider omitting or reducing the dividend payment t o u tilize t he cash fl ow a s w orking c apital or t o i nvest in b usiness
expansion. This could result in investors not receiving their expected dividend returns during certain periods.
Management Guidelines: The group adheres to appropriate financial management and capital structuring.
The Board of Directors will carefully consider dividend payments, prioritizing the utmost benefit of shareholders.
55
Should it be necessary to suspend dividend payments to allocate funds for business expansion, the group will c learly
and transparently communicate the reasons and funding plans to shareholders through the Stock Exchange of
Thailand's channels. This ensures that investors understand the growth trajectory and opportunities for creating
added value for the business in the future.
8. Specific & Emerging Risks
8.1 EV Transition Risk: As the group's core revenue stems from providing loans secured by vehicle
registrations, the group is highly sensitive to changes in collateral values within the used car market. The rapid
popularity and growth of electric vehicles (EVs) in Thailand could n egatively impact the value o f i nternal combustion
engine vehicles, which currently constitute the majority of the group's collateral. If the value of used combustion
engine cars depreciates f aster than n ormal d ue t o s hifting consumer b ehavior, t he auction v alue o f t he collateral m ay
not cover the outstanding debt in the event of default. Such a situation pressures the group to recognize increased
losses from the sale of foreclosed assets and may affect the adequacy of previously approved collateral appraisals,
posing a new risk that the group must closely monitor.
Management Guidelines: The group implements a policy to continuously adjust the Loan-to-Value (LTV)
criteria to be prudent and aligned with changing used market price trends. The Risk Management Department
incorporates factors such as engine types and technological depreciation when determining l oan limits. Additionally,
the group has begun expanding its collateral acceptance scope to include electric vehicles t o d iversify risk and build
asset portfolio variety in line with the clean energy trend. Developing an updated, real-time vehicle appraisal
database enables branch staff to appropriately approve loa n limits, mitigating future risks from discrepancies
between debt obligations and collateral values.
8.2 Demographic Shift Risk: Thailand's f ull transition i nto a n Aging S ociety i mpacts t he group's f uture target
customer base, particularly regarding their income-generating capacity to repay debts, which may decline with age.
The shifting demographic structure not only affects the demand for traditional loans but may a lso a lter the demand
for insurance products, requiring different coverages than those currently available. If the group cannot adapt
promptly to this demographic shift, it may lose market share to competitors capable of o ffering p roducts tailored t o
the elderly or younger generations bearing increased family care burdens. This risk is a structural factor affecting
long-term strategic planning and the sustainable growth of the loan portfolio.
Management Guidelines: The group focuses on researching and analyzing consumer behavior across age
groups to develop loan and insurance brokerage products that cater to the specific needs of t he elderly. E mphasis i s
placed on fair and appropriate debt repayment assessments relative to c ustomers' income sources. F urthermore, the
group utilizes digital systems and Data Analytics to c omprehend t he lifestyle a nd financial p atterns o f e ach customer
segment. Enhancing the credit approval process with alternative data will enable the group to manage risks more
effectively amid demographic s hifts, a s w ell as o ffer i nsurance products with t argeted c overages corresponding t o t he
increasing risks at each life stage.
8.3 Advanced Cyber Threats Risk: Amid rapid technological advancements, the group faces risks from
increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks, notably the use of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in financial crimes. Examples
include utilizing Deepfakes or AI to forge collateral and identity documents for loan applications. These threats m ay
diminish the effectiveness of t raditional debtor screening processes and could lead to bad debts f rom f raud that are
difficult to detect. Moreover, the group's near-total reliance on c loud s ystems and digital c hannels h eightens the risk
of deep-level customer personal data breaches. A cybersecurity failure would severely impact brand credibility and
could incur severe penalties under the Personal Data Protection Act.
56
Management Guidelines: The group is elevating its information security standards toward more stringent
digital identity verification to prevent impersonation and identity forgery in the online loan application process.
Additionally, the group consistently coordinates with global cloud service providers to v erify the strength o f fi rewalls
and defenses against new threats.
8.4 Virtual Bank Entry Risk: The Bank o f T hailand's a uthorization f or the establishment o f V irtual B anks w ill
introduce new players with technological expertise a nd low operational costs d ue t o t he absence of b ranch e xpenses.
These entrants may compete for retail customer bases by offering lower interest rates or faster approval processes
via applications, which could impact the group's market share and profitability in the long run if the group fails to
adapt to retain its existing customer base or establish distinct competitive advantages.
Management Guidelines: The group focuses on differentiating itself through a hybrid business model that
integrates technological speed and convenience with service provision across a nationwide branch network. This
represents a critical strength in reaching and building trust with grassroots customers who still require close
consultation and care (Human Touch). Importantly, maintaining branches and l ocal staff provides the group with a
strategic advantage over virtual banks in risk management, enabling detailed and accurate physical verification of
customer identities and collateral c onditions. This is a crucial factor in s creening debt q uality a nd preventing f raud far
more effectively than relying solely on digital systems. Furthermore, the group emphasizes customer retention
strategies through sincere and rapid services, forging long-term engagement that surpasses mere price competition.
57

Driving Business for Sustainability
3.1 Sustainability Policy
At Ngernturbo, we are committed to creating reliable, reasonable financial services that genuinely
understand the community's way of life. We deliver our services with sincerity, care, and respect across all
communities, empowering people with the opportunities to enhance their own and their families' quality of life.
To achieve this mission sustainably, the Company prioritizes conducting business in accordance with good
corporate governance principles, coupled with social and environmental responsibility. We identify key sustainability
material topics relevant to our operations across the value chain, ensuring that our business generates positive
impacts on the economy, society, and the environment.
The Group is acutely aware of Thailand's structural socio-economic challenges, particularly the issues of
wealth disparity and income inequality. Based on the slowing alleviation of poverty and the transition into an Aging
Society, economically vulnerable segments face compounding pressures.
As a retail loan provider, the G roup is committed to being part of the solution in alleviating poverty and
reducing inequality. We have adopted the UN Sustainable Development Goals ( SDGs) a s t he core f ramework for o ur
strategic direction. By adhering to the ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) framework, we aim to strike an
optimal balance between maximizing business performance (Optimize Profit) and Creating Shared Value (CSV) for
society sustainably.
Source: https://sdgs.un.org/goals
59
3.2 Sustainability Governance Structure
The Group is committed to m anaging t he organization u nder good c orporate governance p rinciples. W e have
established a clear sustainability governance structure to ensure that Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG)
strategies are effectively integrated into business operations at every level.
I Roles and Responsibilities
The Company divides the sustainability governance structure into 4 primary levels:
Committee / Working Group Scope of Responsibility
1. Board of Directors ○ Ultimate Approval: Approves the vision, mission, and
long-term strategic goals, officially integrating ESG
dimensions into business operations.
○ Sub-committee Oversight: A ppoints and delegates
mandates to the "Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee" and monitors overall performance to ensure
strategic alignment.
○ Corporate Disclosure Approval: Acts as the final approving
authority for sustainability disclosures in the Annual Report
(One Report) to ensure transparency and accountability.
2. Corporate Governance and ○ Setting Sustainability Direction: Formulates and
Sustainability Committee recommends sustainability policies, strategies, and targets
for the Board of Directors' approval.
○ Performance Monitoring: Oversees and tracks the
Management's ESG performance against established targets
to meet stakeholder expectations.
○ ESG Report Screening: Reviews, verifies, and screens t he
accuracy of all sustainability data before submission to the
Board for One Report publication.
○ Risk Advisory: Advises Management on managing emerging
ESG-related risks and opportunities.
3. Executive Management ○ Strategy Execution: T ranslates policies from the CG &
Sustainability Committee into actionable Action Plans and
strategic initiatives executable across the organization.
○ Risk Management: Integrates ESG risk factors into the
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework.
○ Resource Allocation: Approves budgets, workforce, a nd
necessary resources to empower working groups to achieve
sustainability targets successfully.
60
Committee / Working Group Scope of Responsibility
4. ESG Working Group ○ Materiality Assessment: I dentifies and conducts Materiality
Assessments on sustainability issues impacting the business
at the operational level.
○ Execution and Data Collection: Executes strategic p rojects
and systematically collects ESG Key Performance Indicators
(KPIs) from all relevant departments.
○ Fostering Corporate Culture: Raises a wareness, cultivates a
sustainability culture, and communicates with employees at
all levels, particularly ensuring alignment with branch staff
nationwide.
The Company has established a cross-functional ESG Working Group, comprising senior executives from
Branch Operations, Human Resources, Information Technology, Accounting & Finance, and the Compliance
Department.
I Reporting & Monitoring Process
Reporter Frequency Key Reporting Focus
1. ESG Working Group At least twice a year ○ Progress of ongoing ESG projects and
initiatives.
○ Results of KPI data collection across
departments.
○ Operational bottlenecks, challenges, and
preliminary recommendations.
2. Corporate Governance and At least twice a year ○ Overview of sustainability performance and
Sustainability Committee management of material ESG risks.
○ Screening and proposing new strategic targets
or policies for approval.
○ Presenting draft disclosures for approval
before One Report publication.
3. Board of Directors Annually (One Report) ○ Tangible sustainability outcomes
benchmarked against reporting standards.
61
I ESG Data Coverage & Methodology
To ensure sustainability disclosures are transparent, accurate, and highly comparable, the Company has
established the following reporting boundaries and criteria:
1. Reporting Scope
○ Reporting Period: Covers operational performance from January 1 to December 31, 2 025 ( Calendar
Year).
○ Organizational Boundary: Covers the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries with
controlling power (over 50% ownership), accounting for 100% of total consolidated revenue.
○ Geographical Boundary: C overs the Headquarters and a ll branches located in Thailand.
2. Reporting Standards
○ Reporting Framework: References the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (2021)
○ Regulatory Reporting: Aligns with the Annual Registration Statement / Annual Report (Form 56-1
One Report) requirements set by the SEC and the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET).
3.3 Management of Stakeholder Impacts Across the Business Value
Chain
The Company's business operations are anchored in efficient lending practices, driven by stakeholder
engagement across 6 core value chain processes:
62
1. Fundraising
○ Focusing on optimizing the cost of funds to maintain competitive advantages and drive sustainable
business growth.
○ Strictly complying with loan covenants and all financial conditions, including timely repayment of
principal and interest.
○ Conducting fundraising through auditable processes and disclosing financial status to lenders and
shareholders with absolute transparency.
2. Product Development
○ Evaluating product suitability by prioritizing the customer's necessity and borrowing objectives to
maximize long-term borrower benefits.
○ Setting transparent interest rates and fees, commensurate with the risk structure, and adhering to
regulatory Market Conduct guidelines.
○ Developing loan products that uplift quality of life and enhance societal access to funding, reflecting
the corporate mission.
3. Marketing & Customer Acquisition
○ Expanding the branch network deeply into local communities to bridge the financial gap and create
opportunities for the unbanked and underbanked segments.
○ Focusing on transparent marketing; customers must receive comprehensive product and service
details to make independent, informed decisions.
○ Integrating financial literacy education for customers and communities to foster correct
understanding before taking on debt obligations.
4. Credit Analysis & Approval
○ Adhering to "Responsible Lending" principles by assessing genuine debt-servicing capacity
(Affordability) to prevent over-indebtedness.
○ Conducting rigorous Know Your Customer (KYC) and Customer Due Diligence (CDD) watch-list
screenings to mitigate risks and comply with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) laws.
○ Utilizing standardized, non-discriminatory underwriting protocols equipped with fraud-prevention
mechanisms at every step.
5. Debt Collection & Follow-up
○ Upholding "Ethical Debt Collection" policies by using polite, fair communication and respecting the
human dignity of borrowers.
○ Strictly complying with the Debt Collection Act, executing follow-ups within statutory timeframes
and methods, absolutely free from harassment or coercion.
○ Implementing relief policies for financially distressed borrowers through appropriate "Debt
Restructuring" to help them manage liabilities and regain stability.
6. Debt Management & After-Sales Service
○ Strictly maintaining customer data confidentiality with secure archiving systems. Personal data is
never utilized for unauthorized commercial benefits without explicit consent.
○ Providing clear grievance handling channels to transparently listen to and resolve customer issues
while offering advice on credit line management aligning with their actual income.
○ Developing the "Ngernturbo" mobile application to empower customers with self-service access to
account balances and online payments, enhancing speed and eliminating travel burdens.
The Company prioritizes its stakeholders based on Business Continuity & Risk Mitigation principles, d etailed
as follows:
63
Stakeholder Prioritization and Response Strategy
Stakeholder Communication Frequency Key Interests Strategic Response
Group Channels
1. Customers 1. Branches Daily 1. Fair treatment - Strict Market Conduct compliance
2. Call Center 2. Ethical debt collection - Rigorous branch staff
3. Social Media 3. Convenient service pre-deployment training
4. Mobile App channels - Comprehensive branch expansion
5. Satisfaction Surveys 4. Service quality - Rapid grievance resolution
6. Website & Email 5. Diverse payment options - System developments adapting to
6. Data privacy customer needs
2. Shareholders / 1. Annual General Meeting Annually 1. Financial performance - Developing strategies aligned with
Investors / (AGM) 2. Corporate Governance economic realities
Creditors 3. ESG Risk Management - Full adherence to CG policies
2. Opp Day / Earnings Calls Quarterly - Transparent, timely, and equal
disclosure of financial data
3. IR Website Ongoing
3. Employees / 1. Town Hall Meetings Quarterly 1. Reasonable compensation - Benchmarking compensation
Executives / 2. Board Meetings and benefits against industry standards
Directors 2. Respect and fair treatment - Defining clear career growth & L&D
3. Occupational health & policies
3. Engagement Surveys Biannually
safety - Upholding human rights principles
4. Skills development - Providing modern work equipment
4. HR Business Partner Ongoing
- Promoting positive culture and core
5. Internal intranet
values
6. Grievance channels
4. Partners / 1. Quality Assessment Annually 1. Professional collaboration - Enforcing rigorous Green
Suppliers Forms 2. Clear procurement policies Procurement policies
2. Procurement 3. Transparent and fair - Conducting annual supplier
selection criteria evaluations and sharing feedback
3. TURBO Website Ongoing
4. Email
5. Grievance channels
5. Competitors 1. VTLA Association Ongoing 1. Fair competition - Establishing a Code of Business
Meetings 2. Elevating industry service Conduct
2. Insurance Broker standards - Active participation in industry
Association Meetings associations
- Providing input to drive
industry-wide developments
6. Community 1. CSR Activities Ongoing 1. Considering community - Establishing the CG & Sustainability
and Society 2. Branch contact points impact in business Committee
3. Grievance channels decisions - Enforcing Sustainability policies
2. Strict legal compliance - Prioritizing local hiring
- Delivering grassroots financial
literacy programs
7. Regulators 1. Audits / Reporting Ongoing 1. Regulatory compliance - Full cooperation with regulatory
2. Clarification Meetings 2. Fair operations bodies
3. Promoting industry - Establishing an independent
development Compliance team
64
I ESG Materiality in Value Chain
The Company has analyzed the integration of ESG factors across its value chain to pinpoint opportunities for
sustainable value creation:
Social Governance Environment
1. Financial Inclusion 7. Corporate Governance & 11. Energy Management
2. Community Outreach Business Ethics 12. Clean Energy Utilization
3. Responsible Lending 8. Anti-Bribery & Corruption 13. Digital Transformation to
4. Financial Literacy 9. Enterprise Risk Management reduce resource consumption
5. Ethical Debt Collection (ERM)
6. Human Rights 10. Cybersecurity & Data Privacy
65
3.4 Sustainability Management Framework
I Social Responsibility & Human Rights
1. Financial Inclusion: Committed to being a transparent and fair a lternative f unding s ource for l ow-income o r
vulnerable groups who lack full access to commercial banking (Unbanked and Underbanked). We deliver
reliable financial opportunities enabling customers to expand their occupations, boost micro-business
liquidity, or mitigate emergencies.
2. Community Outreach: Proactively expanding our branch network to cover all regions, focusing on deep
community penetration for maximum accessibility. The Group aims to reach 1,200 branches by 2028,
concurrently developing branch personnel to act as trusted local financial advisors.
3. Responsible Lending: Anchoring credit origination in responsibility by strictly assessing true Affordability t o
prevent triggering over-indebtedness that impacts livelihoods. We adhere to stringent Market Conduct
regulations and deploy proactive measures t o a ssist distressed borrowers t hrough proper D ebt Restructuring,
facilitating recovery and driving balanced socio-economic growth.
4. Financial Literacy: Placing the highest p riority o n c ultivating fi nancial l iteracy. W e embed financial p lanning,
saving, and proper debt management advice into our customer interactions. Our goal is to build long-term
financial immunity, enhancing clients' cash flow management skills, which inherently reduces NPL risks and
fosters sustainable wealth.
5. Ethical Debt Collection: Establishing d ebt r ecovery protocols rooted in e mpathy, r espect for b orrower r ights,
and strict legal c ompliance. Employees are m andated to a ct p olitely and fairly. The c ollection p rocess f ocuses
on two-way communication to understand the root cause of defaults, enabling cooperative negotiation and
tailored solutions.
6. Human Rights & Labor Standards: Grounded in r especting h uman d ignity a nd international labor s tandards.
The Group cultivates a Diversity, E quity & Inclusion (DEI) culture, free from discrimination in hiring,
compensation, and career advancement. We rigorously manage occupational health and safety (OHS) to
ensure a secure work environment allowing employees to maximize their potential.
I Governance
1. Corporate Governance Structure: Strengthening the Board of Directors with independent, highly qualified
experts possessing diverse skills spanning all business dimensions to set vision, policy, and closely oversee
sustainability performance. The management structure is designed for transparency, auditability, and
stakeholder accountability.
2. Anti-Bribery & Corruption: Declaring a "Zero Tolerance" policy against all forms of corruption. We have
implemented robust internal controls across all operations and established highly secure Whistleblowing
channels with strict non-retaliation protections, fostering a culture of integrity and building investor and
societal trust.
3. Enterprise Risk Management (ERM): Elevating t he ERM framework to systematically cover Strategic,
Operational, Financial, Compliance, and ESG risks. Risk factors are integrated into core strategies and
decision-making at all levels. Supervised closely by the Board, t his ensures t he Group c an a nticipate, p revent,
and respond to complex challenges proactively.
4. Cybersecurity & Data Privacy: Building customer trust by continuously upgrading the Information Security
Management System (ISMS) to international standards. We place the highest priority on protecting the
66
personal data of customers, employees, and stakeholders, strictly complying with the PDPA through
advanced IT infrastructure investments and rigorous staff awareness training.
I Environment
1. Climate Action & Energy Management: Committed to mitigating environmental impacts by optimizing
energy consumption across the HQ and nationwide branch network. The Group promotes energy-saving
measures, procures eco-friendly appliances, and optimizes fleet routing to reduce fuel consumption. These
policies actively drive the reduction of direct and indirect Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions, supporting
national climate goals.
2. Clean Energy Utilization: Recognizing the importance of transitioning to a low-carbon society, the Group
actively promotes renewable energy adoption. A flagship initiative is the installation of a Solar Rooftop
system at the Headquarters.
3. Digital Transformation for Resource Reduction: Elevating operational efficiency while protecting the
environment b y aggressively i ntegrating d igital t echnologies. T he t ransition t o e -Document m anagement a nd
digital workflows drastically cuts redundant processes and drives the organization toward a tangible
Paperless Organization, significantly curbing natural resource depletion.
ESG Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)
The Company has defined its sustainability t argets and metrics b y integrating t he United N ations S ustainable
Development Goals (SDGs) with our Long-Term Sustainability Strategic Plan 2026-2028, as follows:
Short-term Target Long-term Target
ESG Category SDGs Indicator 2025 Results
(2026) (2028)
S - Social Financial SDG 1, Number of customers 350,000 persons 450,000 persons 299,521 persons
Inclusion SDG 8, served
SDG 10
Community SDG 9, Number of branches 1,020 branches 1,200 branches 989 branches
Outreach SDG 11
Number of provinces 54 provinces 60 provinces 54 provinces
covered
Number of Mobile App user 200,000 users 250,000 users 180,319 users
accounts
Responsible SDG 12, Customer Satisfaction 4.90 4.95 4.93
Lending SDG 17 Score (CSAT)
Number of Market Conduct 0 cases 0 cases 0 cases
complaints
Proportion of new loans 100% 100% 100%
passing Affordability
assessment
Financial SDG 4, SDG Number of financial 90 contents 100 contents 81 contents
Literacy 8 literacy materials produced
Ethical Debt SDG 10, Number of unresolved debt 0 cases 0 cases 0 cases
Collection SDG 16 collection complaints
Human Rights SDG 5, Number of work-related 0 cases 0 cases 0 cases
SDG 8, injuries (LTIFR)
SDG 10,
Proportion of branch 100% 100% 100%
SDG 16
employees who completed
67
Short-term Target Long-term Target
ESG Category SDGs Indicator 2025 Results
(2026) (2028)
training prior to starting
operations
Number of forced labor or 0 times 0 times 0 times
child labor complaints
G - Governance Corp. SDG 17 Proportion of Independent ≥ 1/3 ≥ 1/3 1/3
Governance Directors
CGR Assessment Score Not yet assessed "Excellent" Not yet assessed
(5 Stars)
Average Board meeting ≥ 80% ≥ 90% 80.6%
attendance rate
Anti-Corruption SDG 16 Number of detected 0 cases 0 cases 0 cases
corruption incidents
Proportion of 100% 100% 94.3%
post-probation employees
receiving anti-corruption
training
Percentage of cases 100% 100% 97.8%
investigated and resolved
within the timeframe
Risk SDG 8, Percentage of directors ≥ 50% ≥ 50% 88.9%
Management SDG 16, with direct experience in
SDG 17 risk management or the
financial industry
Frequency of risk reporting ≥ 1 time/year ≥ 2 time/year 2 time/year
to the Board
Number of material risks to 0 issues 0 issues 0 issues
the Company without
mitigation plans
Cybersecurity & SDG 9, Proportion of 100% 100% 91.50%
Data Privacy SDG 16 post-probation employees
trained on PDPA
Core banking system ≥ 99% ≥ 99% 99.0%
availability/uptime
Number of data breach 0 times 0 times 0 times
incidents
E - Environment Climate Action SDG 7, Scope 1 & 2 emissions per Decrease 5% Decrease 15% 289.0
SDG 13 loan (Base Year: 2025) From 2025 From 2025 kgCO₂e / MB.
Proportion of branches 100% 100% 100%
utilizing energy-efficient
appliances
Digital SDG 9, Volume of paper consumed n/a n/a 436,000 pages
Transformation SDG 12
Clean Energy SDG 7, Proportion of renewable ≥ 40% ≥ 40% 47.1%
SDG 11 energy used
Note: Data on paper consumption and renewable energy utilization covers the Head Office only.
68
3.5 Sustainability Management in Social Dimension
The Company adheres to business operations that respect human dignity, strictly complying with the UN
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights ( UNGPs) and international labor s tandards. W e focus on c reating a n
excellent work environment, delivering fair services, and uplifting the quality of life in all our operational
communities.
I Human Resources Management
1. Labor Practices & OHS : The Company is committed to fair employment practices, providing remuneration
and benefits that are commensurate with the cost of living and employees' competencies. We have also
established a Welfare Committee* to foster employee engagement in proposing welfare improvements.
Furthermore, the Company strictly adheres to occupational health and safety standards to maintain a safe
working environment, aiming to prevent work-related a ccidents a nd occupational diseases, w ith t he ultimate
target of achieving zero lost-time injuries.
2. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI): Fostering an inclusive culture free from discrimination based on
gender, age, religion, o r d isability. W e promote g ender e quality, p articularly e mpowering f emale l eadership a t
the executive level, and provide equitable employment access to vulnerable groups.
3. Learning & Development (L&D): Preparing t he workforce f or t he digital e ra t hrough Upskilling a nd Reskilling
programs via E-Learning and On-the-job Training, covering both Hard Skills and Soft Skills to forge clear
Career Paths.
4. Human Rights Due Diligence (HRDD): Implementing continuous HRDD processes to identify risks and
potential impacts on employees, partners, customers, and communities. This covers fair labor, data privacy,
and workplace h arassment p revention. A robust Whistleblowing system w ith s trict non-retaliation measures i s
firmly in place.
I Customer Responsibility
1. Market Conduct: Upholding fair sales and service principles b y transparently d isclosing p roduct information,
interest rates, and fees. Customers are empowered to m ake informed d ecisions. Clear g rievance c hannels a re
available should any service fall short.
2. PDPA & Cybersecurity: Operating with 100% compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA)
backed by top-tier c ybersecurity i nfrastructure. W e conduct regular r isk assessments a nd cyber t hreat d rills t o
assure customers that their data will never be misused or leaked.
3. Responsible Lending & Debt Restructuring: Prioritizing strict Affordability assessments to prevent
Over-indebtedness. Should a borrower encounter financial distress, the Company implements "Debt
Restructuring" policies (e.g., tenure extensions, installment reductions) to help them retain their collateral
(vehicles) and regain financial stability.
I Community Engagement and Development
1. Community Engagement: Championing Local Hiring across all branches nationwide. We encourage
employees to participate in local volunteer initiatives to build strong relationships and address actual
community needs.
69
2. Financial Inclusion: Focusing entirely on the Underbanked segment to p rovide o ccupational capital. We run
Financial Literacy campaigns to instill savings discipline and proper debt management at the grassroots level.
I Employee-Centric Initiatives & Projects
1. Learning Hub for Digital Transformation:
The group is committed to elevating the capabilities of its personnel to keep pace with global changes through
TURBO Academy, a learning institution that places the highest i mportance o n a rtificial intelligence ( AI) t echnology
and the Digital Transformation process. This provides a n opportunity f or e mployees i n ' all d epartments,' not limited
to the technology department, to a ccess m odern t raining c ourses. The f ocus is o n u pskilling and reskilling to e nable
the application of AI tools to enhance operational efficiency, simplify complex procedures, and create new
innovations. This is to prepare a ll employees t o b e a vital f orce in d riving t he business towards s ustainable g rowth in
the digital era.
2. Fire Evacuation Drills:
The group places the highest priority on the welfare and life safety of employees. By strictly adhering to
Occupational Health and Safety standards, the group annually organizes fire evacuation drills and emergency
scenario simulations. This ensures that employees are alert, understand the operational procedures, and can c ope
with unexpected events mindfully and correctly. This activity is a crucial part of creating a safe a nd secure working
environment, aiming towards the corporate goal of sustainably reducing the Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate
(LTIFR) to zero.
70
3. Employee Clubs (Building Engagement):
The group firmly believes that "employees" are the most valuable resource in driving the organization towards
sustainable growth. In addition to providing welfare and developing potential, the group emphasizes promoting
work-life balance and creating a happy working environment. Therefore, the group supports the establishment of
"Employee Clubs" a s a space for e mployees t o e ngage in a ctivities o f shared i nterest. C urrently, t he group supports a
diverse range of clubs, such as sports clubs like football and badminton, which promote physical health a nd instill
sportsmanship, and board game clubs, which not only relieve stress but also enhance strategic thinking and
planning skills. These club activities serve as a vital mechanism providing opportunities for employees from
different d epartments to meet and collaborate, helping to break down communication barriers, foster unity, and
encourage teamwork. This is a fundamental foundation for b uilding a strong, warm corporate culture r eady to d rive
success collectively.
4. Fitness Center & Group Classes:
The group recognizes that employees with robust physical and mental health are a crucial driving f orce propelling
the organization forward stably. Therefore, the group prioritizes creating a working environment that promotes
work-life balance by providing a modern, f ully e quipped, and practical F itness C enter w ithin t he group's p remises to
facilitate employees in maintaining their health regularly. In addition to standard exercise equipment, the group
also organizes various group exercise classes on a rotating basis to meet the diverse preferences and lifestyles of
employees, such as yoga, aerobic dance, and Body Combat, conducted by specialists. The provision of these
health-related benefits not only helps reduce work-related s tress a nd prevents office syndrome—a p revalent h ealth
issue among t he working-age population—but also serves as a positive space that strengthens relationships among
employees from different d epartments t hrough shared a ctivities. T his fosters a corporate culture t hat is t ruly active,
vibrant, and health-conscious.
71
5. Subsidized Lunch Buffet:
The Company recognizes the importance of a good quality of life and the physical well-being of all employees,
which begins with a ccess t o n utritious and hygienic meals. Furthermore, out of c oncern for d aily l iving expenses that
may impact their quality of life, the Company has established a staff dining facility offering a diverse buffet w ith a
strong e mphasis on ingredient q uality. T o ensure c omprehensive a nd equitable care, the Company h as i mplemented
a policy providing complimentary buffet meals for certain groups of operational-level employees. This initiative
tangibly alleviates their cost of living and supports their personal fi nancial s tability. Meanwhile, f or o ther employee
groups, the Company offers meals at reasonable, subsidized welfare prices t hat are s ignificantly l ower t han g eneral
market rates, reflecting the Company's commitment to caring for all employees as members of the same family.
6. Green Spaces for Relaxation:
The group firmly believes that a good working environment directly impacts employees' operational efficiency a nd
mental health. In addition to p roviding a modern o ffice space, t he group has e mphasized t he surrounding landscape
design by creating a large green area enveloped by diverse flora, complete with a large pond and numerous lovely
animals. This creates a v ibrant and friendly atmosphere, providing employees with a space to rest their eyes and
escape the daily hustle, take a relaxing walk to relieve tension, or use it as a meeting space to c ultivate new ideas.
Integrating nature as part of the workplace n ot only helps r educe work-related s tress b ut also s timulates creativity,
provides inspiration, and makes employees feel as relaxed as if they were r esting a t h ome. T his reflects t he group's
intention to truly create a "Happy Workplace".
72
7. ERV Air Purification System:
The group places utmost importance on the respiratory health and overall well-being of its employees, especially
currently when fine particulate matter (PM 2.5) and air pollution are intensifying and affecting health. To ensure
that all employees can work in the safest environment with the cleanest a ir, t he group has i nstalled a standardized
Energy Recovery Ventilation (ERV) system covering the interior of the office building. Regardless of how high the
pollution levels are outside, the group's employees can still breathe fresh air deeply. This investment in
health-related infrastructure reflects the group's commitment to protecting and caring for its employees, and to
creating a workplace that sustainably promotes both physical health and operational efficiency.
8. Quarterly Town Halls:
Effective communication and a clear vision are the core elements in leading the organization to success. The group
emphasizes creating a correct and consistent understanding throughout the organization. Therefore, Town Hall
Meetings are organized quarterly as the primary platform to comprehensively communicate the business direction,
strategies, work plans, and corporate goals to employees at all levels. The Town Hall activity is not merely a report
on the past operational performance and achievements, but an open space where senior executives can
communicate directly with employees, helping to bridge communication gaps and create a working atmosphere
based on transparency. Furthermore, it is an excellent opportunity for employees to listen to the vision, inquire
about doubts, and realize their roles in the group's success. The continuous organization of this activity reflects an
open corporate culture that is ready to listen and is committed to molding all employees into a unified body to
move in the same direction and be ready to handle any future challenges.
73
I Customer-Centric Initiatives & Projects
1. TURBO Mobile Application
The group is committed to f ully e levating s ervice s tandards into t he digital e ra t hrough the Ngernturbo a pplication,
which was developed under the concept "Easy, P ay, C omplete, A ll in O ne A pp." This serves as t he primary channel t o
establish transparent and fair interactions between the group and its customers. This innovation allows customers
to comprehensively access information and conduct transactions by themselves, including reviewing transaction
history, checking outstanding balances, and verifying payment records in real-time. This not only enhances
convenience but also promotes financial discipline and builds customer confidence through the disclosure of
accurate and complete information in accordance with good corporate governance principles. Furthermore, the
group is committed to elevating the service experience through digital innovations by launching an online
additional credit limit request service, designed t o p rovide m aximum c onvenience to c ustomers with g ood p ayment
histories and consistent financial discipline. Customers can submit their requests directly through the Ngernturbo
application without t he need t o t ravel t o a branch, thereby reducing e xpenses and travel t ime, i n a lignment with t he
concept of creating convenient and rapid access to funding sources.
2. 7-Day Operations for Better Access
The group adheres to the mission of creating opportunities for accessing quality funding sources for customers at
the community level, particularly those who cannot thoroughly access commercial bank services. Understanding
the time constraints and lifestyles of the target customers who are preoccupied during weekdays, the group has
implemented a policy to open branches and service points every day for 7 consecutive days to provide maximum
convenience and promptly respond to financial needs at all times. This 7-day service strategy not only expands
opportunities for accessing funding sources fairly in accordance with business ethics prioritizing customer benefits
but also reflects t he sincerity in c aring for c ustomers through transparent consultation and services d uring h olidays.
This allows customers time to carefully consider product information and various conditions with branch staff,
resulting in responsible borrowing decisions (Responsible Lending) under appropriate debt repayment capability
assessments.
74
3. Real-Time, Diverse Payment Gateways
To reinforce the commitment to providing honest and verifiable services, t he group has d eveloped d iverse payment
alternatives to provide maximum convenience to customers, elevating to a Real-time Payment system across all
channels. Whether customers choose to pay installments over the counter at the group's branches, which operate
closely with communities for 7 days, or t hrough e xternal Bill P ayment Service P roviders c overing t he entire country,
the payment information is transmitted and processed to automatically deduct the customer's loan account
balance immediately. The a ccuracy and speed o f t his system h elp c ustomers remain c onfident t hat their d ebt s tatus
is fully current, alleviating concerns about delays in account d eductions, and reflecting a transparent and verifiable
business operations policy at every step.
I Community Engagement Initiatives & Projects
1. Advancing Financial Immunity to the Community under the Project "Fun Finance,
Sustainable Happiness"
To elevate the quality of life and build financial stability for people in society, the group has continually visited
various areas to organize a ctivities p romoting basic financial l iteracy a mong c ommunity members u nder the project
"Fun Finance, Sustainable Happiness", initiated by the Vehicle Title Loan Trade Association (VTLA). The f ocus is o n
imparting knowledge through comprehensive courses applicable to daily life, such as "Clearing Debt, Happy Life"
and "Easy Savings that Anyone Can Do." In the past year, the group expanded the project's reach to target areas
encompassing both Bangkok and provincial regions, with over 30 community members participating per area,
including:
○ Ruam Phatthana Community, Don Mueang District, Bangkok, and Ban D ong S amakkhi C ommunity, N akhon
Nayok Province: Organized knowledge-sharing activities on the topic "Happy Retirement: Creating
Happiness for Post-Retirement Life, Good Financial Management, with Savings" to emphasize preparation
and financial planning for a joyful retirement.
○ Community groups in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province (Wat Phrayatikaram Community, Chao Pho Chui
Community, and Phai Ling Community): Organized knowledge-sharing activities on the topic "Excellent
Saving, Being Aware, Comfortable F inancial Management" to foster saving discipline, income and expense
management, and awareness of financial threats, with active participation from the Association's working
committee.
75
2. Joining to Support Thai Children and Youth to Improve Their Quality of Life
The group has donated 1 Yamaha Finn 115i motorcycle valued at 45,000 Baht and 1 Samsung Galaxy A04 mobile
phone valued at 3,999 Baht to the Ruea-Khor Project ( Ban N ok Kamin F oundation) t o b e a part of a ssisting c hildren
and youth in accessing education and vocational training according to their abilities, aptitudes, and interests,
enabling them to grow with quality in all dimensions of life. Simultaneously, the group remains committed to
developing and expanding financial products to create opportunities, invest in business expansion, and provide
working capital for trading to create occupations, thereby improving the lives of our customers. We stand by our
belief that a better society stems from community members having access to educational and occupational
opportunities to continuously improve the quality of life for themselves and their families.
3. Donation of Office Equipment to Public Charities
The group recognizes the importance of maximizing the efficiency of internal resource management, alongside
supporting the operations of social organizations. Under the concept o f a circular e conomy, t he group has i nitiated
an activity to donate office equipment that is still in good condition and usable, but no longer necessary for the
organization's use, to public charities for further beneficial use. In the past year, the group collected and delivered
various office equipment to Wat Thong Khung, the Mirror Foundation, and the Ban Nok Kamin Foundation to
support the temple's activities and facilitate t he foundations' operations, w hich are v ital o rganizations assisting a nd
developing the quality of life for the underprivileged in society. This operation n ot only supports o rganizations that
create public benefits but also extends the lifecycle of items, helps reduce the volume of waste affecting the
environment, and reiterates t he group's c ommitment t o t angibly c onducting b usiness with s ocial and environmental
responsibility.
76
4. "Ngernturbo Sharing" Project
In addition to promoting financial l iteracy t o s trengthen communities, t he group firmly believes t hat the foundation
of sustainable development begins with cultivating a culture o f s haring f rom w ithin t he organization. T herefore, t he
"Ngernturbo Sharing" project was initiated by establishing donation boxes within the office building, providing an
opportunity for employees to participate in passing on happiness back to society. This project involves collecting
unused items in good condition from employees, such as clothing, b ooks, and educational supplies, t o b e delivered
to the Ruam Phatthana Community and vulnerable groups in society. This activity not only alleviates expenses and
elevates the quality of life for community members but also promotes employee engagement, instills public
consciousness, a nd supports t he circular e conomy c oncept by maximizing r esource u tilization, w hich aligns with t he
group's policy of conducting business alongside social and environmental responsibility.
5. Educational Promotion and Knowledge Sharing with Youth
The group recognizes the importance of developing the potential of the new generation who will become the
nation's primary workforce in the future. Thus, t he group is c ommitted t o p romoting learning o utside t he classroom
by opening its doors to welcome student delegations from l eading e ducational institutions, such as t he Bachelor of
Business Administration (BBA) program at Thammasat University, to observe the organization's operations. This
activity provides an opportunity for students to engage in discussions, exchange perspectives, and listen to v isions
closely with senior executives. This not only connects a cademic t heories with r eal-world b usiness practices b ut also
inspires and prepares the youth to step forward as quality personnel with social and economic responsibility.
77
Quantitative Social Performance Data
Customer Metrics Unit 2023 2024 2025
Customer Satisfaction Score % 4.93 4.93 4.93
Total Branches Branches 1,030 1,036 989
○ Bangkok & Vicinity Branches 251 249 240
○ Central Region Branches 146 135 127
○ Western Region Branches 50 57 48
○ Eastern Region Branches 242 255 243
○ Northeastern Region Branches 296 288 282
○ Southern Region Branches 45 52 49
Employee Metrics Unit 2023 2024 2025
Employee Satisfaction Score % - 79.8 74.1
Total Employees Person 2,565 2,626 2,405
○ Male Person 850 847 755
○ Female Person 1,715 1,779 1,650
Gender Ratio (Female:Male) % 2.02 : 1 2.10 : 1 2.19 : 1
Age Demographics
○ Under and equal 30 years Person 2,313 2,248 1,883
old *
○ 31-40 years old Person 214 332 469
○ Over 40 years old Person 38 46 53
Level Demographics
○ Executive Level Person 7 8 8
○ Managerial Level Person 136 129 118
○ Specialist/Staff Level Person 2,422 2,489 2,279
Other Employee Data
○ Employees with Person 23 25 25
Disabilities/Vulnerable
78
Employee Metrics Unit 2023 2024 2025
○ Employee Turnover Rate % 26.5 18.2 24.3
○ Branch Staff Pre-Job % 100.0% 100.0% 100.0%
Training Rate
○ Forced/Child Labor Times 0 0 0
Complaints
○ Work-related Injuries Times 0 0 0
○ Work-related Fatalities Times 0 0 0
* In 2025, the number of persons with disabilities e mployed by the Company was below the statutory requirement due to operational constraints
where workplace safety is our primary concern. To ensure full compliance with the law, the Company has remitted the required financial
contributions to the Fund for Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities in lieu of employment, pursuant to Section 34 of the Persons with
Disabilities Empowerment Act, B.E. 2550 (2007).
3.6 Sustainability Management in the Corporate Governance
Dimension
The Company firmly adheres to conducting business within a transparent legal and ethical framework,
viewing Regulatory Compliance and Ethics as the bedrock of stakeholder trust.
I Regulatory Compliance
The Company has established a Compliance Oversight system ensuring operations align with key regulators:
1. Bank of Thailand (BOT): Strict adherence to retail l ending regulations and Market Conduct guidelines.
2. Office of Insurance Commission (OIC): Strict compliance w ith insurance brokerage regulations.
3. SEC and SET: Accurate, complete, and equitable disclosure o f material information.
4. Personal Data Protection Committee (PDPC): Rigorous c ustomer data management under the PDPA.
5. Anti-Money Laundering Office (AMLO): Comprehensive KYC/CDD protocols to prevent the business from
being utilized as a money-laundering conduit.
I Code of Business Conduct
The Company has issued a "Code of Business Conduct" manual for Directors, Executives, and Employees:
1. Shareholders: Operating with transparency and efficiency t o create sustainable enterprise value and
long-term returns.
2. Employees: Treating all employees fairly, providing c ompetitive, merit-based compensation, strict adherence
to labor laws, and continuous capacity building.
3. Partners: Fostering long-term relationships through f air competition and anti-corruption measures in
procurement.
4. Customers: Delivering transparent service, ensuring c omplete product disclosure, and assessing product
suitability based on genuine affordability to maximize long-term customer benefits. Strict confidentiality of
customer data is mandated.
5. Creditors: Honoring all contractual covenants, including t imely principal and interest payments.
79
6. Competitors: Competing fairly and supporting free market policies.
1. Society: Democratizing access to capital to uplift quality of life, cultivating a corporate culture t hat actively
weighs social and environmental impacts in decision-making.
I Anti-Corruption
Operating under a "Zero Tolerance" policy toward all forms of corruption, actively preventing bribery:
1. Certification: Certified member of the Thai Private Sector Collective Action Against Corruption (CAC).
2. Risk Assessment: Conducting annual internal corruption r isk assessments to establish robust controls.
3. Key Guidelines:
i. Adhere to the No Gift Policy. In customary cases, the value must not exceed THB 3,000 as per the
NACC criteria or the Company's standards.
ii. Entertainment: M ust be for reasonable business purposes, transparent, and non-inducing of
improper actions.
iii. Donations & Sponsorships: M ust be in the Company's name, for societal benefit, and subject to
auditable approvals.
iv. Political Neutrality: Z ero financial or resource support t o political parties or politicians.
v. Facilitation Payments: S trictly prohibited in all f orms.
vi. Government Hiring: S trict policy against hiring active g overnment officials; rigorous background
checks on former officials to prevent conflicts of interest.
I Whistleblowing Policy
The Company provides secure channels to report illegal or unethical acts, supported by strict whistleblower
protections:
○ Channels:
i. Website: https://www.turbo.co.th/whistleblower
ii. Email: Whistleblower@turbo.co.th
iii. Mail: Head of Internal Audit, Ngernturbo PLC, 500 Moo 3, Tiwanon Rd, Ban Mai, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi
11120.
○ Protection Measures:
i. Absolute confidentiality of the whistleblower's identity and data.
ii. Proactive implementation of protection protocols without the need for a formal request if threats
are anticipated.
iii. Strict prohibition of unfair retaliation (e.g., demotion, transfer, suspension, termination, or
harassment) against whistleblowers or investigation cooperators.
iv. Fair and transparent remediation for any damages incurred.
80
Quantitative Governance Performance Data
Table: Ethics & Anti-Corruption Training
Training Topic 2026 Target (%) 2025 Result (%)
1. Anti-Corruption Policy 100% 94.25%
2. Personal Data Protection (PDPA) 100% 91.50%
Note: Target calculated based on newly onboarded branch employees in 2025.
Table: Whistleblowing Statistics
Received Found to Resolved/ Pending
Whistleblowing and Complaints of Misconduct Have Merit Penalized
(Cases) (Cases) (Cases) (Cases)
1. Corruption / Bribery 0 0 0 0
2. Code of Conduct/Policy Violations 0 0 0 0
3. Human Rights Violations/Harassment 0 0 0 0
4. Insider Trading/Conflict of Interest 0 0 0 0
5. Customer Service 32 32 32 0
Total 32 32 32 0
Remark: The whistleblowing and misconduct reporting system has been tested and is fully operational. Following the preliminary screening and
fact-checking processes, it was found that none of the reported cases fell under the scope of corruption or serious misconduct. The majority of the
matters reported were suggestions and customer service-related complaints. The Company has subsequently forwarded these matters to the
responsible departments to take corrective actions, make improvements, and provide clarifications to the customers in accordance with the
standard complaint-handling procedures. Furthermore, the Company continues to maintain its high standards of complaint management by
keeping the information of whistleblowers and complainants strictly confidential throughout every step of the process
3.7 Sustainability Management in the Environmental Dimension
I Environmental Policy
The Company recognizes the vital importance of operating responsibly toward natural resources and
ecosystems. We are committed to mitigating environmental impacts stemming from all operations and
communicating these policies strictly across all stakeholder groups.
1. Climate Action (Energy & GHG Management)
The Company is firmly committed to reducing both direct and indirect greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to
mitigate climate change impacts:
○ Energy Efficiency: Optimizing energy use across the HQ and branches via energy-saving measures
and the procurement of eco-friendly, high-efficiency appliances.
81
○ Emissions Management: Systematically planning operational routes and resource utilization to cut
fuel consumption and travel-related emissions.
○ Green Ecosystems: Cultivating green spaces at Company premises to absorb CO2 and promote
employee well-being.
2. Clean Energy Utilization
The Company prioritizes the transition to a low-carbon society through the tangible support o f c lean e nergy
innovations and technologies:
○ Renewable Energy: Integrating clean energy (Solar) into HQ infrastructure to reduce reliance on fossil
fuels.
○ Eco-friendly Mobility: Transitioning the corporate fleet to Electric Vehicles (EVs) and installing EV
charging infrastructure.
○ Eco-conscious Culture: Fostering a low-carbon lifestyle within the corporate culture.
3. Digital Transformation for Resource Reduction
The Company is committed to elevating operational efficiency t hrough digital s trategies t o m inimize n atural
resource consumption and advance toward our goal of becoming a Paperless Organization:
○ Digital Workflows: Transitioning internal approvals to Digital Internal Workflows to drastically cut
paper use.
○ Eco-friendly Service Innovations: Deploying end-to-end digital lending channels to reduce the need
for physical travel and resource consumption.
○ Digital Archives: Utilizing highly secure electronic data storage to replace physical document
warehousing.
I Environmental Initiatives & Projects
1. Solar Cell Installation for Clean Energy
To advance sustainable energy management and align w ith o ur environmental p olicy, t he Group h as u tilized a solar
power system at its head office since May 2023, significantly reducing reliance on fossil fuels. Solar energy
accounted for 45.0% of the facility's total electricity consumption in 2024, with utilization efficiency increasing to
47.1% in 2025. This transition to renewable energy effectively mitigated 182,640 kgCO2e of emissions in 2025.
Ultimately, this success drives our direct and indirect greenhouse gas management strategies while embedding
environmental stewardship into our corporate culture, reinforcing our commitment to balanced
socio-environmental growth and responsible business conduct.
82
2. Head Office Building Design to Enhance Energy Efficiency
The group prioritizes energy management starting from the fundamental infrastructure, having designed t he head
office building with properties that effectively retain coolness and reduce the radiation of external heat into the
building. This helps alleviate the operational load of the air conditioning system and reduces overall electricity
consumption. The selection of construction materials that aid in reflecting heat and an efficient air circulation
system not only help maintain a stable a nd suitable i nternal temperature f or w orking b ut are a lso a t t he core o f t he
strategy to significantly reduce indirect greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2) arising from e nergy consumption. This
sustainable design concept reflects the group's commitment to conducting environmentally friendly business in
accordance with t he climate management p olicy ( Climate Action), a iming t o b ecome a low-carbon organization t hat
grows in equilibrium with the ecosystem in the long term.
3. Selection of Electrical Appliances Emphasizing Energy Conservation
The group is committed t o c oncretely reducing e nergy consumption and greenhouse g as emissions t hrough a green
procurement policy that mandates the selection of electrical appliances w ith t he lowest energy consumption rates
at all operational points, encompassing both the nationwide branch network and the head office building.
Regarding the air conditioning system, the group prioritizes selecting air conditioners with the highest Seasonal
Energy Efficiency Ratio (SEER) as the primary criterion to reduce the electricity load and maximize cooling
efficiency. This is coupled with a corporate-wide transition to LED lighting, a lighting innovation characterized by
low energy consumption and a long lifespan. Such o perations n ot only help r educe long-term operational costs b ut
are also a vital component in driving the organization t owards t he climate management g oals (Climate Action) a nd
serving as a role model organization for cost-effective resource utilization in accordance with s ustainable b usiness
principles.
83
4. Scheduling the Turning On and Off of Electrical Equipment
The group focuses on fostering a corporate culture that is responsible towards the environment through
campaigning and strictly establishing energy conservation measures. The schedules for turning on and off l ighting
and air c onditioning systems within t he office building and branches a re d etermined t o a lign w ith a ctual o perational
hours, aiming to eliminate unnecessary excess energy consumption each day. Such campaigns encompass
requesting cooperation from employees t o t urn o ff l ights a nd air c onditioners during t he lunch break or w hen not in
use, a s w ell as c onducting t horough i nspections before d aily c losing. T hese measures s erve as c rucial m echanisms i n
cultivating the behavior of valuing resources from w ithin t he organization, v isibly aiding i n t he reduction of i ndirect
greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 2), and functioning as a part of the operations under the energy management
policy to achieve maximum efficiency throughout the organization sustainably.
5. Low-Carbon Commuting (EV Transition)
The group has initiated a project to promote the transition to clean energy (EV Transition Program) through
allocating dedicated parking spaces and installing electric vehicle charging stations at the head office to provide
services to personnel free of charge, which constitutes concrete support for a low-carbon lifestyle within the
organization. Furthermore, there is a sustainable vehicle management policy that involves transitioning corporate
fleet vehicles and position-assigned vehicles to electric vehicles (EVs) for functional lines with suitable travel
characteristics, aiming to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and pollution from internal combustion engines.
Additionally, the group has arranged for a corporate van service to promote travel in the form of carpooling.
84
6. Green Spaces for Carbon Sequestration
The group has allocated areas within the office to create gardens and increase green spaces through planting
various species of both small and large trees. The primary objective is to assist in absorbing carbon dioxide and
increasing oxygen production, helping to reduce pollution and create fresh air w ithin t he workplace p remises. S uch
landscape improvements also focus on cultivating a shaded, relaxing atmosphere and alleviating work-related
fatigue for personnel, thereby fostering the good well-being of employees.
7. TURBO Mobile Application (E-Receipts)
The group is committed to fully elevating its service standards in the digital era through the "Ngernturbo"
application. The application serves as an all-in-one solution that provides a seamless user experience (Easy),
ensures secure online transactions (Pay), and offers comprehensive financial services (Complete), ranging from
checking outstanding balances to preliminary loan applications, all integrated into a single digital platform. This
platform was developed as a core tool to deliver a superior and transparent customer experience. The innovation
empowers customers to comprehensively manage their financial transactions independently. Key features include
checking outstanding balances, making installment payments via a highly secure online system, and submitting
preliminary loan applications directly through the app, thereby significantly reducing t ime and travel expenses for
our customers. Beyond providing convenience, the application serves as a crucial mechanism i n d riving t he group's
environmental policies. The group has transitioned from issuing paper-based proof of payment to electronic
receipts (E-Receipts), tangibly streamlining operational workflows and reducing paper consumption across all
after-sales processes. This transition to a fully integrated digital system not only enhances data storage efficiency
through a secure and auditable Digital A rchive, b ut also r eflects t he group's u nwavering commitment t o b ecoming a
paperless organization. It underscores our dedication to achieving sustainable growth while maintaining
responsibility for natural resources and the environment.
85
8. Digital Internal Workflow
The group is committed to a full-system transition of work processes into a digital format by implementing the
Digital Internal Workflow innovation in operational procedures and internal organizational approvals. This aims to
elevate operational efficiency to be rapid, accurate, and verifiable at every step. This transition helps reduce the
redundancy of processes that were formerly in document formats (Manual Process), resulting in the immediate
execution of data transmission and work approval considerations via an online system. In addition to enhancing
agility in internal management, the said system is also a crucial mechanism in supporting environmental policies,
aiming concretely towards becoming a Paperless Organization. It is capable of significantly reducing the
consumption volume of paper resources and office consumables, coupled with storing data in a highly secure
electronic format. This helps alleviate the burden of utilizing document storage space and reduces environmental
impacts from paper waste management in the long term, reflecting the organization's responsibility in utilizing
natural resources cost-effectively and sustainably.
9. Green Procurement (Supply Chain):
The group is committed to building a sustainable business ecosystem by encouraging suppliers within the supply
chain to improve their o perational processes to b e environmentally f riendly. T his aims to c ollectively reduce indirect
environmental impacts (Scope 3) throughout the lifecycle of products and services via a key management
mechanism, which is the Supplier Registration & Code of Conduct process. Suppliers are required to undergo the
registration process and acknowledge, as well as sign, "the group's Supplier Code of Conduct" in writing. This
encompasses requirements and standards regarding environmental management that correspond with t he group's
policies, establishing a standard for conducting business together responsibly.
10. Circular Economy Waste Management:
The group recognizes the significance o f e ffectively managing w aste from o perations a nd has c onsequently i nitiated
the Internal Waste Segregation Project. T his involves t he establishment o f s ystematic r eturn and waste segregation
points covering various areas within the head office building and branches, w ith c lear c ategorization of w aste types,
namely plastic waste, wet waste, paper, and glass bottle recyclables. This aims to create discipline in resource
segregation at t he source. S uch o perations n ot only aid i n r educing e nvironmental i mpacts a nd pollution i n t he long
term but also serve to instill a sense of responsibility towards the collective among employees, striving towards
becoming an organization that conducts business in an environmentally friendly manner sustainably.
86
11. Waste Management and Segregation Project according to Circular Economy
Principles:
Although the nature of the financial services business does not involve direct water consumption in a production
process, the Group remains mindful of the importance o f n atural resource c onservation and focuses on m aximizing
internal water use efficiency. We have established measures to regularly inspect and maintain plumbing systems
and water pipes within our head office and branches to monitor and prevent potential leaks, significantly r educing
unnecessary w ater l oss. Furthermore, we promote w ater c onservation awareness among o ur personnel to c ontribute
to environmental preservation and reduce the long-term impact on the ecosystem.
Quantitative Environmental Performance Data
Table 1: Resource Reduction & GHG Performance
Indicator Unit 2025 Consumption
Gasoline Consumption 1 liter 73,986
Diesel Consumption 1 liter 326,752
Electricity Consumption 2 kWh 4,793,336.70
Total Paper Consumption paper 436,000
Water Consumption 3 m³ 16,677
*Remarks:
1. Fuel consumption from company-owned vehicles is classified under Scope 1 emissions.
2. Some electricity data was estimated from net e xpenses ( excluding V AT and m onthly f ees) u sing p rogressive rates and F t c harges. Scope
2 emissions were calculated based on TGO's emission factor of 0.4750 kgCO₂e/kWh.
3. Paper and water consumption data represent the Head Office only.
Table 2: GHG Inventory by Scope
Indicator Unit Greenhouse Gas
Emissions, 2025
Scope 1: Direct Emissions (Fuel) kgCO₂e 1,058,802.1
Scope 2: Indirect Emissions from Energy (Electricity) kgCO₂e 2,276,834.9
Scope 3: Other Indirect Emissions (Paper Consumption and Water) kgCO₂e 6,141.9
Total 3,341,778.9
Remarks: The current Scope 3 data does not include financed emissions. The Company plans to evaluate and disclose this information in the
future.
Table 3: Green Procurement Guidelines Performance
Indicator Unit 2026 Target 2025 Result
% of key suppliers signing the Supplier Code of Conduct (ESG) % 100.0% 74.7%
87
Calculation Note
Due to limitations in collecting electricity consumption data, the Company has established an operational
framework comprising two distinct approaches. Electricity consumption for the Head Office is based on actual
recorded usage. Conversely, for branch offices, consumption is estimated utilizing a reverse c alculation m ethod. T his
involves converting the payment amounts (in Baht) from the Metropolitan Electricity Authority ( MEA) a nd Provincial
Electricity Authority (PEA) invoices into electricity consumption volumes (in kWh).
Reverse Calculation Methodology and Equations
○ Step 1: Determining the Net Energy Charge Base: Deduct Value A dded T ax ( VAT) a nd the monthly s ervice f ee
to determine the actual energy cost. Equation: Net Energy Charge = [Total Amount Due (including VAT) ÷
1.07] - Monthly Service Fee
○ Step 2: Converting to Electricity Consumption (kWh): T he n et energy charge i s t hen reverse-calculated based
on the progressive electricity rate structure. Equation: Electricity C onsumption (kWh) = Net Energy Charge ÷
[Progressive Electricity Rate + Ft Rate for the Billing Month]
88

Management Analysis and Explanation
4.1 Management Discussion and Analysis on Operational Performance
Throughout 2025, the overall Thai economy continued to face challenges stemming from an uneven
recovery. The household sector and underserved segments remained highly fragile, weighed down by accumulated
household debt. This macro environment has significantly impacted the financial services industry, particularly the
consumer fi nance and vehicle title loan (Non-Bank) s ectors. T his scenario p resents both o pportunities and challenges:
tight systemic liquidity has acted as a catalyst, driving robust credit demand; simultaneously, h owever, it h as e xerted
downward pressure on borrowers' debt repayment capacity.
Furthermore, the Group navigated external headwinds, including volatility in agricultural commodity prices
and used car valuations, which directly impacted collateral values. On the operating cost front, however, the Group
began to benefit from a downward trend i n m arket i nterest r ates, which helped alleviate the cost of f unds burden to a
certain extent, amidst a tighter regulatory landscape driven by the Bank of Thailand's Responsible Lending measures.
Given these operating dynamics, the Group p ivoted to a proactive s trategy i n 2 025 a nchored o n t he principle
of "Quality over Quantity." This was achieved by tightening credit underwriting standards to mitigate risks at the
origination stage, coupled with cost management via a "Branch Network Optimization" strategy. The Group
consolidated redundant branch locations to reduce fixed o verheads a nd focused on g enerating economies of s cale b y
increasing the loan volume per branch. This approach aimed to strike an optimal balance between profitability and
asset quality amidst economic volatility.
Driven by these strategic shifts, total revenue for the full year 2025 stood at 3,094.7 million Baht,
representing a growth of 2.0% (YoY). Net profit for 2025 surged to 503.1 million Baht, a remarkable increase of
255.4% (YoY), primarily attributed to:
1. Effective Loan Portfolio Management: Interest income continued to grow robustly, even as the overall loan
portfolio slightly decreased.
2. Efficient Cost Management: Administrative expenses decreased by 10.6% (YoY) to 1,475.6 million Baht due
to the optimization of overlapping branches and the organization-wide integration of AI technology.
3. Credit Risk Management: E xpected Credit Loss (ECL) decreased by 21.3% (YoY) to 600.2 million Baht,
reflecting an improvement in asset quality resulting from enhanced risk management procedures in both
lending and debt collection, as well as an increase in bad debt recovery.
4. Reduced Finance Costs: Finance costs decreased by 10.9% (YoY) as a result of lower interest rates and
reduced borrowing from financial institutions, consistent with the cautious lending approach adopted in
2025.
Financial Position Summary: As of December 31, 2025, the Group's Total Assets stood at 12,677.2 million
Baht, a slight decrease of 1.1% f rom t he end o f 2 024. T his was primarily due t o a 0.3% d ecrease in n et loans a nd hire
purchase receivables following the cautious lending policy. T otal Liabilities s ignificantly d ecreased by 12.8% from t he
end of 2024, primarily as the Group utilized excess liquidity to repay bank loans, thereby reducing interest burdens.
Total Equity grew by 44.7%, primarily driven by the Initial Public Offering (IPO) and continuous growth in retained
earnings.
Note: Figures may not add up precisely to the totals due to rounding.
90
4.2 Important Financial Information
I Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
Group's Revenue
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Revenue Type (Baht) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
Interest Income 2,671.0 86.3 2,595.2 85.6 75.8 2.9 2,025.2 83.3
Fee and Service Income 62.5 2.0 85.3 2.8 (22.8) (26.7) 110.2 4.5
Sales of Goods 27.2 0.9 27.3 0.9 (0.1) (0.4) 5.5 0.2
Commission and Brokerage 321.9 10.4 316.7 10.4 5.2 1.6 280.6 11.5
Income
Other Income 12.1 0.4 8.7 0.3 3.4 39.1 9.3 0.4
Total Revenue 3,094.7 100.0 3,033.2 100.0 61.5 2.0 2,430.7 100.0
Note: Other Income includes rental income, interest from bank deposits, and branch space service income.
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, the Group's total revenue stood at 2,430.7
million Baht, 3,033.2 million Baht, and 3,094.7 million Baht, respectively. The Group's core top-line contributor is
interest income, representing approximately 83.3% - 86.3% of total revenue spanning 2023 to 2025.
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, the Group's total revenue expanded by 61.5 million Baht, or
2.0%, YoY. F or the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, total revenue surged by 602.5 million Baht, or 2 4.8%, YoY.
The primary catalyst was the sustained growth in interest income, directly correlating with a strategic shift in
portfolio mix towards higher-yield loan products throughout 2025.
Interest Income
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Interest Income (Baht) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
Vehicle Title Loans 1,801.0 67.4 1,763.3 67.9 37.7 2.1 1,519.3 75.0
Land Title Loans 161.4 6.0 210.9 8.1 (49.5) (23.5) 192.4 9.5
Nano Finance Loans 708.3 26.5 615.7 23.7 92.6 15.0 313.1 15.5
Total interest income from 2,670.7 100.0 2,589.9 99.8 80.8 3.1 2,024.7 100.0
lending business
Hire Purchase 0.3 0.0 5.3 0.2 (5.0) (94.3) 0.5 0.0
Total Interest Income 2,671.0 100.0 2,595.2 100.0 75.8 2.9 2,025.2 100.0
91
The Group's interest income is derived from: 1) The core lending business, encompassing vehicle title loans,
land title loans, a nd nano finance loans; a nd 2) Hire P urchase business. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2 023,
2024, and 2025, the Group recognized interest income of 2,025.2 million Baht, 2,595.2 million Baht, and 2,671.0
million Baht, respectively.
For the fi scal year ended December 31, 2025, interest income grew by 75.8 million Baht, or 2 .9% Y oY, d riven
heavily by strategic adjustments prioritizing high-yield assets. The 2024 fiscal year saw a robust increase of 570.0
million Baht, or 28.1% YoY, primarily fueled by aggressive loan portfolio expansion.
Fee and Service Income
The Group's fee and service income comprises guarantee fees and other operational fees (e.g., collection
fees, late payment penalties, and prepayment fees).
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2 023, 2 024, a nd 2025, f ee a nd service i ncome equaled 110.2 m illion
Baht, 85.3 million Baht, and 62.5 million Baht, respectively. The structural decline in g uarantee f ee i ncome resulted
from the Group's strategic decision to discontinue guarantee services for new originations effective May 10, 2022.
Consequently, revenue recognition is strictly limited to the run-off of the legacy guarantee portfolio.
Sales Revenue
The Group initiated cash and installment sales operations in O ctober 2 023, b ooking 5.5 m illion Baht in s ales
revenue. Following the temporary suspension of consumer electronics installment financing around M ay 2024, s ales
revenue was predominantly generated from the mobile phone wallpaper p roduct, contributing 27.3 million Baht and
27.2 million Baht for the fiscal years ended 2024 and 2025, respectively.
Commission and Brokerage Income from Insurance Business
Brokerage income and remuneration are sourced from non-life and life insurance partner networks. For the
fiscal y ears ended December 31, 2 023, 2 024, a nd 2025, i nsurance brokerage income amounted t o 2 80.6 m illion Baht,
316.7 million Baht, and 321.9 million Baht, respectively. This upward trajectory was underpinned by enhanced
cross-selling of policies driven by (1) an expanded s uite of i nsurance products tailored t o c lient demographics, and (2)
successful market penetration into non-borrowing customer segments.
Operating Expenses
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Operating Expenses (Baht) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
Cost of Goods Sold 0.7 0.0 8.1 0.3 (7.4) (91.4) 4.5 0.2
Administrative Expenses 1,475.6 59.5 1,650.7 57.5 (175.1) (10.6) 1,447.2 63.6
Expected Credit Losses 600.2 24.2 762.5 26.5 (162.3) (21.3) 503.5 22.1
Finance Costs 402.1 16.2 451.4 15.7 (49.3) (10.9) 319.9 14.1
Total Expenses 2,478.6 100.0 2,872.7 100.0 (394.1) (13.7) 2,275.1 100.0
92
Cost of Sales
Mirroring the sales revenue trend, the Group recorded a cost of sales of 4.5 million Baht for 2023 following
the launch of installment operations. With the suspension of the electronics segment in May 2024, the subsequent
cost of sales relates exclusively t o t he mobile wallpaper b usiness, dropping t o 8 .1 m illion Baht and 0.7 m illion Baht in
2 024 and 2025, respectively.
Administrative Expenses
Administrative overheads are primarily composed of employee compensation/benefits and
depreciation/amortization, representing roughly 51.0% - 56.8% and 20.4% - 2 2.1% of t otal administrative expenses
across 2023-2025, respectively.
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, administrative expenses stood at 1,447.2
million Baht, 1,650.7 million Baht, and 1,475.6 million Baht, representing 63.6%, 57.5%, and 59.5% of total
operating expenses. The cost base is largely fixed, comprising branch personnel expenses, right-of-use asset
depreciation, utilities, and corporate headcount required to support organizational scale.
Expected Credit Loss
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2 023, 2 024, a nd 2025, t he Group p rovisioned e xpected c redit losses
of 503.5 million Baht, 762.5 million Baht, and 600.2 million Baht, equating to 22.1%, 26.5%, and 24.2% of total
expenses, respectively.
ECL provisions for 2025 contracted notably by 162.3 million Baht, or 21.3% YoY. This improvement in the
cost of risk is d irectly l inked t o ( 1) the tightening o f o rigination standards via the integration o f C redit Scoring models
into the underwriting pipeline, and (2) the intensification o f d ebt r ecovery efforts t hrough the expansion of b oth fi eld
collection and tele-collection workforces.
Finance Costs
For t he fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, finance costs registered at 319.9 million
Baht, 451.4 million Baht, and 402.1 million Baht, respectively.
Finance costs in 2025 decreased by 49.3 million Baht, or 1 0.9% YoY. T his reduction is a direct function o f t he
Group's optimized capital structure post-IPO, combined with a decline i n b orrowing r ates mirroring t he central bank's
policy rate adjustments.
93
I Statement of Financial Position
Assets
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Assets (As of Dec 31) (Baht) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
Cash and Cash Equivalents 239.7 1.9% 222.0 1.7% 17.7 8.0 238.8 2.0%
Loan and Hire P urchase R eceivables 11,102.5 87.6% 11,131.1 86.8% (28.6) (0.3) 10,225.2 84.4%
- Net
Property, Plant and Equipment 708.9 5.6% 785.7 6.1% (76.8) (9.8) 875.8 7.2%
Right-of-use Assets 270.1 2.1% 318.1 2.5% (48.0) (15.1) 338.5 2.8%
Other Assets 356.1 2.8% 360.1 2.8% (4.0) (1.1) 433.5 3.6%
Total Assets 12,677.2 100.0% 12,817.0 100.0% (139.8) (1.1) 12,111.7 100.0%
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, the Group's total assets amounted to
12,111.7 million Baht, 12,817.0 million Baht, and 12,677.2 million Baht, respectively.
Total assets at year-end 2025 experienced a marginal dip of 139.8 million Baht, or 1.1% YoY. This was
primarily driven by a 28.6 million Baht (0.3%) d ecline i n n et loan and hire purchase r eceivables d ue t o m ore s tringent
credit underwriting amidst economic uncertainty. Furthermore, property, plant, and equipment declined by 76.8
million Baht (9.8%) due to accumulated depreciation, branch network optimization, and the closure of redundant
branches, which concurrently drove a 48.0 million Baht (15.1%) decrease in right-of-use assets.
Loan and Hire Purchase Receivables Portfolio
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Loans (As of Dec 31) (Baht) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
Vehicle Title Loans 8,224.3 71.1 7,992.1 68.4 232.2 2.9 7,628.4 71.8
Land Title Loans 1,025.4 8.9 1,430.6 12.2 (405.2) (28.3) 1,511.5 14.2
Nano Finance Loans 2,301.2 19.9 2,241.3 19.2 59.9 2.7 1,487.3 14.0
0% Insurance Installment 10.6 0.1 18.9 0.2 (8.3) (43.9) 0 0.0
Hire Purchase 0.0 0.0 2.6 0.0 (2.6) (100.0) 4.3 0.0
Total Gross Loans 11,561.5 100.0 11,685.4 100.0 (123.9) (1.1) 10,631.5 100.0
Less: Allowance for ECL (459.0) (4.0) (554.4) (4.7) 95.4 (17.2) (406.5) (3.8)
Total Net Loans 11,102.5 96.0 11,131.1 95.3 (28.6) (0.3) 10,225.2 96.2
94
Asset Quality / Loans by Credit Risk (Staging)
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Loans by Staging (As of Dec 31) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
(Baht)
Stage 1 (Performing) 10,446.8 90.4 9,876.7 84.5 570.1 5.8 9,213.6 86.7
Stage 2 (Under-performing) 657.2 5.7 1,321.6 11.3 (664.4) (50.3) 1,083.1 10.2
Stage 3 (Non-Performing) 457.5 4.0 487.1 4.2 (29.6) (6.1) 334.8 3.1
Total Gross Loans 11,561.5 100.0 11,685.4 100.0 (123.9) (1.1) 10,631.5 100.0
Less: Allowance for ECL (459.0) (4.0) (554.4) (4.7) 95.4 (17.2) (406.5) (3.8)
Total Net Loans 11,102.5 96.0 11,131.1 95.3 (28.6) (0.3) 10,225.2 96.0
The majority of the Group's loan receivables a re S tage 1 loans ( Performing), w hich are l oans w ith n o p ast d ue
balances or past due not exceeding 1 installment. As of December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, Stage 1 loans
accounted for 86.7%, 84.5%, and 90.4% of total loan receivables, respectively. Meanwhile, Stage 2 loans
(Under-performing), representing loans with a significant increase in credit risk and past due for more than 1
installment but not exceeding 3 installments, accounted for 10.2%, 11.3%, and 5.7%, respectively. Lastly, Stage 3
loans (Non-Performing), which are credit-impaired loans with past d ue b alances e xceeding 3 installments, a ccounted
for 3.1%, 4.2%, and 4.0% of total loan receivables, respectively.
As of December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, the Group maintained an ECL allowance of 406.5 million Baht,
554.4 million Baht, and 459.0 million Baht, representing an ECL coverage ratio to total loans of 3.8%, 4.7%, and
4.0%, respectively.
Property, Plant and Equipment
2025 2024 Growth 2023
PP&E (As of Dec 31) (Baht) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
Land 344.0 48.5 344.0 43.8 0.0 0.0 344.0 39.3
Land improvement 5.1 0.7 5.4 0.7 (0.3) (5.6) 5.7 0.7
Building improvement 280.4 39.6 313.5 39.9 (33.1) (10.6) 360.1 41.1
Computers and office equipment 41.4 5.8 68.5 8.7 (27.1) (39.6) 97.3 11.1
Furniture and fixtures 35.7 5.0 51.0 6.5 (15.3) (30.0) 65.9 7.5
Vehicles 1.8 0.3 2.4 0.3 (0.6) (25.0) 1.3 0.1
Construction in progress 0.5 0.1 0.9 0.1 (0.4) (44.4) 1.5 0.2
Total PP&E - Net 708.9 100.0 785.7 100.0 (76.8) (9.8) 875.8 100.0
95
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Liabilities and Equity Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
(As of Dec 31) (Baht)
Borrowings from financial 5,426.7 42.8 6,885.9 53.7 (1,459.2) (21.2) 6,790.9 56.1
institutions
Debentures 917.4 7.2 736.0 5.7 181.5 24.7 246.9 2.0
Short-term borrowings from 2,114.6 16.7 2,114.6 16.5 0.0 0.0 2,114.6 17.5
related parties
Lease liabilities 271.2 2.1 327.8 2.6 (56.7) (17.3) 332.0 2.7
Other liabilities 170.1 1.3 141.6 1.1 28.5 20.1 156.6 1.3
Total Liabilities 8,899.9 70.2 10,205.9 79.6 (1,306.0) (12.8) 9,640.9 79.6
Shareholders' Equity 3,777.3 29.8 2,611.1 20.4 1,166.2 44.7 2,470.8 20.4
Total Liabilities and Equity 12,677.2 100.0 12,817.0 100.0 (139.8) (1.1) 12,111.7 100.0
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, the Group's total liabilities sat at 9,640.9
million Baht, 10,205.9 million Baht, and 8,899.9 million Baht, respectively.
Total liabilities for 2025 shed 1,306.0 m illion Baht, representing a 12.8% YoY d rop. T he p rincipal driver w as a
1,459.2 million Baht (21.2%) deleveraging of financial institution facilities. This reduction mirrors the Group's active
liquidity management strategy to pay down debt amidst a deceleration in portfolio origination, efficiently managing
the cost of funds burden.
Shareholders' Equity
2025 2024 Growth 2023
Shareholders' Equity Million (%) Million (%) Million (%) Million (%)
(As of Dec 31) (Baht)
Issued and fully paid-up share 1,335.0 35.3 1,111.1 42.6 223.9 20.2 1,111.1 45.0
capital
Share premium 1,612.7 42.7 1,175.6 45.0 437.1 37.2 1,175.6 47.6
Retained earnings (Deficit) 767.2 21.0 288.6 11.1 478.61 165.8 163.0 6.6
Other reserves 62.4 1.0 35.8 1.4 26.6 74.3 21.2 0.9
Total Shareholders' Equity 3,777.3 100.0 2,611.1 100.0 1,166.2 44.7 2,470.8 100.0
For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023, 2024, and 2025, total shareholders' equity closed at 2 ,470.8
million Baht, 2,611.1 million Baht, and 3,777.3 million Baht, respectively.
96
Total equity in 2025 expanded aggressively by 1,166.2 million Baht, or 44.7% YoY. This was fueled p rimarily
by the successful Initial Public Offering (IPO) generating a substantial increase i n p aid-up capital and share premium,
compounded by robust accretion to retained earnings from strong net profitability.
Liquidity Analysis
2025 2024 2023
Cash Flow Statement (As of Dec 31) ( Baht) Million Million Million
Net cash from operating activities before 1,325.5 1,099.0 702.2
changes in loan receivables
Net cash provided by (used in) operating 855.9 (327.4) (2,475.6)
activities
Net cash used in investing activities (26.4) (59.4) (430.7)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing (811.8) 370.1 2,973.5
activities
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash 17.7 (16.7) 67.3
equivalents
4.3 Financial Ratio
Key Financial Ratios (As of Dec 31)
Profitability Ratios Unit 2025 2024 2023
1 Yield on Loan % 24.0 24.3 23.0
2 Cost of Funds (CoF) % 4.3 4.6 4.1
3 Net Interest Margin (NIM) % 19.7 19.7 18.9
4 Net Profit Margin % 16.3 4.7 5.4
5 Return on Equity (ROE) % 15.8 5.6 5.5
Efficiency Ratios
6 Cost to Income Ratio % 54.8 64.2 68.8
7 Net Interest Income to Total Loans Ratio % 20.4 20.1 19.4
8 Return on Assets (ROA) % 3.9 1.1 1.3
9 Asset Turnover Times 0.2 0.2 0.2
10 Net Interest Income to Total Assets % 17.8 17.2 16.3
97
Capital Adequacy & Leverage Ratios
11 Debt to Equity Ratio (D/E) Times 2.4 3.9 3.9
12 Adjusted Debt to Equity Ratio Times 1.2 1.7 1.6
13 Net Loan to Total Interest-Bearing Debt (IBD) Times 1.3 1.1 1.1
14 Dividend Payout Ratio Times 0.0 0.0 0.0
Asset Quality Ratios
15 Allowance for ECL to Total Loans % 4.0 4.7 3.8
16 Non-Performing Loans (NPL) Ratio % 4.0 4.2 3.1
17 NPL Coverage Ratio % 100.3 113.8 121.4
18 Credit Cost % 5.2 6.8 5.5
Liquidity Ratios
19 Liquidity Ratio Times 0.7 0.8 0.7
20 Adjusted Liquidity Ratio Times 1.2 1.2 1.2
21 Cash Flow Liquidity Ratio Times 0.2 (0.1) (0.5)
22 Adjusted Cash Flow Liquidity Ratio Times 0.4 0.3 0.3
Formula Definitions:
1. Loan Yield (Portfolio Yield): Interest income / Average n et loan and hire purchase receivables.
2. Cost of Funds (CoF): Finance costs / Average interest-bearing l iabilities.
3. Interest Spread: Loan Yield - Cost of Funds.
4. Net Profit Margin: Net profit / Total revenue.
5. Return on Equity (ROE): Net profit / Average shareholders' e quity.
6. Cost to Income Ratio: (Cost of sales + Administrative e xpenses) / (Total revenue - Finance costs).
7. Net Interest Margin (NIM) on Loans: (Interest income - Finance costs) / Average net loan and hire purchase
receivables.
8. Return on Assets (ROA): Net profit / Average total assets.
9. Asset Turnover: Total revenue / Average total assets.
10. Net Interest Margin (NIM) on Total Assets: (Interest income - Finance costs) / Average total assets.
11. Debt to Equity Ratio (D/E): Total liabilities / Total s hareholders' equity.
12. Adjusted Debt to Equity Ratio: (Total liabilities - Short-term borrowings from related parties) / (Total
shareholders' equity + Short-term borrowings from related parties).
13. Gross Loans to Borrowings: Total net loan and hire purchase receivables / Total interest-bearing liabilities.
14. Dividend Payout Ratio: Dividends paid / Net profit o f the prior fiscal year.
15. ECL Allowance to Total Loans: Total ECL allowance / Total gross loan and hire purchase receivables.
98
16. Non-Performing Loans (NPL) Ratio: Total Stage 3 loans (Gross) / Total gross loan and hire purchase
receivables.
17. NPL Coverage Ratio: Total ECL allowance / Total Stage 3 loans (Gross).
18. Cost of Risk (Credit Cost): Expected Credit Loss / Average gross loan and hire purchase receivables. ECL
encompasses allowance changes, write-offs, and bad debt recoveries.
19. Liquidity Ratio: Total current assets / Total current l iabilities.
20. Adjusted Liquidity Ratio: Total current assets / (Total c urrent liabilities - Short-term borrowings from related
parties).
21. Cash Flow Liquidity Ratio: Operating cash flow / Average c urrent liabilities.
22. Adjusted Cash Flow Liquidity Ratio: Operating cash fl ow before portfolio changes / (Average current
liabilities - Average short-term borrowings from related parties).
99

General Information and Other Important Information
5.1 Company Information
Company Name (Thai) : บริษัท เงินเทอร์โบ จํากัด (มหาชน)
Company Name (English) : NGERNTURBO PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
Nature of Business : (a) Retail loan business (Title loan, Land title loan, Nano finance)
(b) Life insurance broker and non-life insurance broker business
(c) Cash and installment sales business
Company Registration Number : 0170566000542
Head Office Address : 500 Tiwanon Road, Ban Mai Subdistrict, Pak Kret District,
Nonthaburi Province 11120
Company Website : https://www.turbo.co.th/
Telephone : 02-857-8888
Par Value per Share : 0.5 Baht
Registered Capital : 1,360,000,000 Baht
Paid-up Capital : 1,335,000,000 Baht
5.2 Reference Persons
Securities Registrar : Thailand Securities Depository Company Limited
The Stock Exchange of Thailand Building, 93 Ratchadaphisek Road,
Din Daeng, Din Daeng, Bangkok 10400
Tel. 02-009-9999
Company Secretary : Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee
Email: suranun.hom@turbo.co.th
Auditor : PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Limited
179/74-80 Bangkok City Tower, 15th Floor, South Sathon Road,
Thung Maha Mek, Sathon, Bangkok 10120
Tel. 02-844-1000
Legal Advisor for Debenture : Thanathip & Partners Legal Counsellors Limited
Issuance 900 Tonson Tower, 17th Floor, Phloen Chit Road,
Lumphini, Pathum Wan, Bangkok 10330
Tel. 02-089-8902
101
Debenture Registrars : 1. Bangkok Bank Public Company Limited
333 Silom Road, Silom, Bang Rak, Bangkok 10500
Tel. 02-626-4525
2. Kasikornbank Public Company Limited
1 Soi Rat Burana 27/1, Rat Burana Road, Rat Burana,
Rat Burana, Bangkok 10140
Tel. 02-562-8598
Debentureholders' : Asia Plus Securities Company Limited
Representative 175 Sathorn City Tower, 3/1 Floor, South Sathorn Road,
Thung Maha Mek, Sathon, Bangkok 10120
Tel. 02-680-1111
Underwriters : 1. Asia Plus Securities Company Limited
*Unredeemed Debentures 2. DAOL Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited
3. BlueBell Securities Company Limited
4. Maybank Securities (Thailand) Public Company Limited
5. Globlex Securities Company Limited
6. Krungthai XSpring Securities Company Limited
7. CGS International Securities (Thailand) Company Limited
8. Beyond Securities Public Company Limited
5.3 Other Key Information
○ History of Default on Debt Repayment : As of D ecember 31, 2 025, t he Company h as n o h istory of d efault o n
the payment of principal or interest of debt instruments, or default on the repayment of loans from
commercial banks, finance companies, or financial institutions established under specific laws, during the
past 3 accounting periods.
○ History of Breach of Covenants: The Company h as n o h istory of b reaching conditions r egarding compliance
with covenants or conditions for the issuance of securities during the past 3 accounting periods.
5.4 Legal Proceedings
As of December 31, 2025, the Company and its subsidiaries have no l egal d isputes t hat may h ave a negative
impact on the assets of t he Company o r i ts subsidiaries i n a n amount e xceeding 5 percent o f t he shareholders' equity.
Furthermore, there are no other legal disputes that significantly impact the Company's business operations but
cannot be assessed in monetary terms, including no lawsuits that do not arise from the normal course of the
Company's business.
102

Policy on Good Corporate Governance
6.1 Overview of Policy and Guidelines for Good Corporate Governance
The group is committed to elevating its operational standards to e xcellence. T hroughout the past, t he Board
of Directors has strictly adhered to conducting business within the framework of the laws, objectives, articles of
association, and resolutions of the shareholders' meetings. The group places the highest importance on good
corporate governance in accordance with the Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies 2017 (CG Code) of
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to strengthen an efficient, transparent, and verifiable management
system. This serves as a vital foundation for b uilding confidence among s hareholders, investors, and all stakeholders.
In this regard, the group has applied the 8 key principles as follows:
Principle 1 Establish Clear Leadership Role and Responsibilities of the Board
1.1 The Board of Directors recognizes the importance of its roles and responsibilities as a
leader who must oversee the group to ensure good management. This encompasses
defining the group's business objectives and goals, formulating strategies and operational
policies, as well as allocating essential resources to a chieve t he group's b usiness objectives
and goals. This is to e nsure t hat t he Board o f D irectors, e xecutives, and all employees s hare
the same purposeful direction. It also involves monitoring, evaluating, and overseeing
performance reporting to achieve favorable operational results as targeted.
1.2 The Board of Directors will oversee the business to achieve Governance Outcomes that
create sustainable value for the group, comprising at least the following:
● Competitiveness and Performance with Long-Term Perspective
● Ethical and Responsible Business
● Good Corporate Citizenship
● Corporate Resilience
1.3 The B oard o f D irectors w ill ensure t hat all directors a nd executives perform their d uties w ith
Duty of C are a nd Duty of L oyalty t oward the group, a nd must ensure t hat operations c omply
with the laws, articles of association, and resolutions of the shareholders' meetings.
1.4 The Board of Directors will comprehend the scope of duties and responsibilities of the
Board of Directors and clearly define the scope of delegation of duties and responsibilities
to the Chief Executive Officer and the management, as well as monitor and oversee the
Chief Executive Officer and the management to ensure they perform their assigned duties.
Principle 2 Define the Objectives that Promote Sustainable Value Creation
2.1 The Board of Directors will ensure that the group's primary objectives and goals promote
sustainability, being objectives and goals that align with creating value for the group,
customers, stakeholders, and society as a whole.
2.2 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure that the objectives and goals, as well as the
medium-term and/or annual strategies of the group, align with the achievement of the
group's primary objectives and goals, with the appropriate utilization of innovation and
technology.
104
Principle 3 Strengthen Board Effectiveness
3.1 The Board of Directors shall be responsible for determining and reviewing the structure of
the Board of Directors in terms of size, composition, and the proportion of independent
directors that are appropriate and necessary to lead the group towards its defined p rimary
objectives and goals.
3.2 The Board of Directors will select an appropriate person to b e the Chairman o f t he Board o f
Directors and ensure that the composition and operations of the Board of Directors
facilitate the exercise of independent judgment in decision-making.
3.3 The Board of Directors will oversee that the nomination and selection of directors have a
transparent and clear process to obtain a Board of Directors with qualifications consistent
with the defined composition.
3.4 In proposing the remuneration of the Board of Directors for shareholders' approval, the
Board of Directors must consider that the structure and rate of remuneration are
appropriate to the responsibilities and incentivize the Board of Directors to lead the group
to achieve both short-term and long-term goals.
3.5 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure that all directors are responsible for
performing their duties and allocate sufficient time.
3.6 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure that there is a framework and mechanism t o
supervise the policies and operations of subsidiaries and other enterprises in which the
group has significant investments at an appropriate level, as well as ensure that the
subsidiaries and other enterprises in which the group invests have a correct and mutual
understanding.
3.7 The Board of Directors will arrange for an annual performance evaluation of the Board of
Directors, sub-committees, and individual directors. The evaluation results will be utilized
for the further development of the performance of duties.
3.8 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure that each director has knowledge and
understanding of their roles, duties, the nature of business operations, and relevant laws
concerning business operations, as well as support all directors to regularly enhance their
skills and knowledge for performing directorial duties.
3.9 The Board of Directors will ensure that the operations of the Board of Directors proceed
smoothly, with access to necessary information, and have a Company Secretary with the
necessary and appropriate knowledge and experience to support the operations of the
Board of Directors.
Principle 4 Ensure Effective CEO and People Management
4.1 The Board of Directors will ensure that there i s a nomination and development of t he Chief
Executive Officer and senior executives to possess the knowledge, skills, experience, and
characteristics necessary to drive the group towards its goals.
4.2 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure the establishment of an appropriate
remuneration structure and evaluation process.
105
4.3 The Board of Directors understands the shareholding structure and relationships of
shareholders that may impact the administration and operations of the group.
4.4 The Board of Directors will monitor and oversee the management and development of
human resources to ensure an appropriate number, knowledge, skills, experience, and
motivation.
Principle 5 Nurture Innovation and Responsible Business
5.1 The Board of Directors will prioritize and support the creation o f i nnovations t hat generate
business value concurrently with creating benefits for customers or related parties, while
maintaining responsibility toward society and the environment.
5.2 The Board of Directors will monitor and oversee t he management t o c onduct business with
responsibility toward society and the environment, and ensure this is reflected in the
operation plan to guarantee that all departments of the group operate consistently with
the primary objectives, goals, and strategies of the group.
5.3 The Board of Directors will monitor and oversee the management to efficiently and
effectively allocate and manage resources, taking into account the impacts and resource
development throughout the value chain to achieve the primary objectives and goals
sustainably.
5.4 The Board of Directors should establish a framework for the governance and management
of enterprise-level information technology that aligns with the business's needs, as w ell as
oversee the utilization of information technology to increase business opportunities,
develop operations, and manage risks so that the enterprise can achieve its primary
objectives and goals.
Principle 6 Strengthen Effective Risk Management and Internal Control
6.1 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure that the group has an effective risk
management and internal control system to achieve the group's objectives in compliance
with relevant laws and standards.
6.2 The Board of Directors will appoint an Audit Committee that can perform its duties
efficiently and independently.
6.3 The Board of Directors will monitor, oversee, and manage any c onflicts of i nterest t hat may
arise between the group and the management, t he Board o f D irectors, o r shareholders. This
includes preventing the improper utilization of the group's assets, information, and
opportunities, as well as inappropriate transactions with persons connected to the group.
6.4 The Board of Directors will oversee the establishment of clear anti-corruption policies a nd
guidelines, and communicate them to all levels o f t he organization a nd external parties f or
acknowledgment to ensure practical implementation.
6.5 The Board of Directors will oversee to ensure that the group has m echanisms f or r eceiving
complaints and taking action in cases of whistleblowing.
106
Principle 7 Ensure Disclosure and Financial Integrity
7.1 The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring the existence of a financial reporting
system and the disclosure of significant information accurately, adequately, timely, and in
accordance with relevant regulations, standards, and guidelines.
7.2 The Board of D irectors w ill monitor and oversee t he adequacy of fi nancial l iquidity a nd debt
repayment capability.
7.3 In situations where the group encounters financial difficulties or is l ikely to e ncounter s uch
difficulties, the Board of Directors will seek ways to ensure that the group has plans to
resolve the problems or has other mechanisms capable of resolving the financial
difficulties, while considering the rights of stakeholders.
7.4 The Board of Directors will consider preparing a sustainability report as appropriate.
7.5 The Board of Directors will oversee the management to arrange for a unit or responsible
person for investor relations, functioning to communicate with shareholders and other
stakeholders, such as investors and analysts, appropriately, equally, and timely.
7.6 The Board of Directors will promote the use of information technology in disseminating
information.
Principle 8 Ensure Engagement and Communication with Shareholders
8.1 The Board of Directors will ensure that shareholders participate in making significant
decisions for the group.
8.2 The Board of Directors will ensure that proceedings on the shareholders' meeting day are
orderly, transparent, efficient, and facilitate shareholders in exercising their rights.
8.3 The Board of Directors will ensure that the disclosure of meeting resolutions and the
preparation of the shareholders' meeting minutes are accurate and complete.
6.2 Business Code of Conduct
The group firmly adheres to conducting business under the principles of good corporate governance. The
group mandates that all directors, executives, and employees strictly uphold the Code of Conduct as a guideline f or
performing their duties as representatives of the organization. The focus is on managing operations with
transparency, efficiency, and verifiability to create sustainable value and prosperous growth for shareholders in the
long term, coupled with the disclosure of accurate and reliable information. Concurrently, the group places the
utmost importance on treating personnel with equality a nd fairness, both i n t erms o f r emuneration c orresponding t o
their potential, compliance with human rights principles and labor laws, and the promotion of a learning culture
through continuous skill development to enhance motivation and elevate the quality of life for employees to grow
alongside the organization, under a strict anti-corruption policy and the prohibition of insider trading.
107
In terms of relationships with external parties, the group is committed to delivering financial services with
honesty and fairness, adhering to the principle of providing complete and transparent information to facilitate
decision-making in selecting products that primarily align with the customers' financial literacy and debt r epayment
capability (Responsible Lending). This focuses on m aximum b enefits a nd building good fi nancial d iscipline in t he long
term, along with a rigorous customer personal data confidentiality system. For partner management, the group
emphasizes building sustainable business alliances through a transparent and freely competitive selection process,
free from all forms of corruption. Furthermore, the group maintains the confidence of creditors through strict
compliance with contractual conditions, encompassing debt management and collateral maintenance, as well as
conducting business with competitors under fair competition frameworks.
The group recognizes its responsibility toward society and the environment as a financial institution closely
connected to the community. The aspiration is for the public to have convenient a nd equal access t o f ormal f unding
sources to elevate their quality of life and strengthen the grassroots economy. I n addition, the group has i nstilled an
awareness and working culture that considers Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) impacts in every
decision-making process to jointly create a better society and achieve sustainable growth.
6.3 Significant Changes and Developments in Corporate Governance
During the past year, the Board o f D irectors r eviewed and revised a total of 1 6 c orporate governance p olicies,
such as the Conflict of Interest Prevention Policy, Insider Trading Policy, Whistleblowing Policy, Connected
Transaction Policy, and the Subsidiary Governance Policy. This was to elevate management standards to be
transparent and up-to-date with the regulations of regulatory bodies. Furthermore, the group has integrated the
dimension of sustainable development (ESG) and business ethics into part of the strategic plan to e stablish a robust
audit mechanism and build confidence among all stakeholders that the group truly conducts its business under the
principles of good corporate governance.
108

Corporate Governance Structure and Essential Information
about the Board of Directors
7.1 Corporate Governance Structure
The corporate structure of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited consists of the Board of Directors and five
sub-committees, namely: (1) the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, (2) the Risk Management Committee, (3)
the Executive Committee, and (4) the Audit Committee (5) the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee,
with the Chief Executive Officer serving as the highest-ranking executive of the Company, as follows:
Remark: (1) Executives are defined in accordance with t he Notification of the Securities and Exchange Commission No. KorChor. 17/2551 Re:
Determination of Definitions in Notifications relating to Issuance and Offer for Sale of Securities (including any subsequent
amendments).
(2) The Board of Directors' Meeting No. 1/2026, held o n February 24, 2026, resolved to approve the appointment of the Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee.
7.2 Information of the Board of Directors
Composition of the Board of Directors
The Board of Directors consists of individuals with recognized knowledge and capabilities, who bear the
primary responsibility for making operational decisions that benefit the Company and its subsidiaries, shareholders,
and all stakeholders. The Board plays a vital role in defining the objectives and goals of the Company and its
subsidiaries by collaborating w ith s enior m anagement to e stablish s hort-term a nd long-term operating strategies a nd
policies. This includes determining financial policies, risk management frameworks, and the overall corporate
outlook, as well as reviewing the key policies and work plans of the Company and its subsidiaries. Furthermore, the
110
Board holds a crucial role in allocating essential resources in accordance with the established goals, and in
overseeing, monitoring, and evaluating the performance o f t he Company a nd its subsidiaries a nd senior m anagement
to ensure alignment with the defined plans.
As of December 31, 2025, the Board of Directors comprises 9 members, which is i n c ompliance w ith r elevant
laws and the Company’s Articles of Association. This includes 3 executive directors as defined by the Notification of
the Securities and Exchange Commission No. KorChor. 17/2551 Re: Determination of Definitions in Notifications
relating to Issuance and Offer for Sale of Securities (including any subsequent amendments) (“Notification No.
KorChor. 17/2551”), and 6 non-executive d irectors b ased o n t he aforementioned d efinition. Additionally, the Board o f
Directors includes 3 independent d irectors, representing n o l ess t han o ne-third o f t he total number of d irectors, all of
whom possess qualifications in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.
Individual Information of the Board of Directors
As of December 31, 2025, the Board of Directors of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited consists of 9
members, with details as follows:
Name Types of Director Position
Mr. Ek Burapavong ( 1) Independent ○ Chairman of the Board of Directors
Director ○ Chairman of the Audit Committee
○ Chairman of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee
○ Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Risk Management Committee
Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Independent ○ Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration
Director Committee
○ Member of the Audit Committee
○ Member of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee
Ms. Naruechon Independent ○ Chairman of the Risk Management Committee
Dhumrongpiyawut Director ○ Member of the Audit Committee
○ Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee
Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap Director -
Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha Director -
Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha Director -
Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Executive Director ○ Chairman of the Executive Committee
○ Member of the Risk Management Committee
○ Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee
111
Name Types of Director Position
Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Executive Director ○ Member of the Risk Management Committee
○ Member of the Executive Committee
Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Executive Director ○ Member of the Executive Committee
Remark: (1) Audit Committee member who possesses sufficient knowledge and experience to review the reliability of the Company and its
subsidiaries' financial statements.
Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee is the Company S ecretary, a ppointed b y the Board o f D irectors' Meeting N o. 2 /2021,
held on April 23, 2021.
I Securities Holding of the Board of Directors
The Company prioritizes the governance of inside information usage to prevent abusive exploitation and to
ensure fairness for all shareholders. It has established a policy p rohibiting directors, executives, and employees a t a ll
levels from disclosing non-public inside information—including operating results, commercial data, or information
that could affect the price of securities—either directly or indirectly, or using it to seek personal gain or b enefits f or
others.
Furthermore, the Company has implemented a Blackout Period measure, prohibiting related persons from
purchasing or selling the Company's securities, including entering into d erivatives contracts, during t he 30-day p eriod
prior to the public disclosure of financial statements or inside information, and continuing until 24 hours have
elapsed following the public release of such information. In the event o f a ny c hanges i n s ecurities holdings, d irectors
are duty-bound t o report the changes in t heir o wn holdings, a s w ell as t hose o f t heir s pouses and minor c hildren, a nd
must submit a copy of the report on changes in securities holdings to the Company Secretary. The Company
Secretary will then report such changes to the Board of Directors' meeting to ensure that the Company's business
operations and information disclosure are transparent and in strict compliance with the code of business ethics.
In 2025, the Company found no instances of directors trading securities using inside information or
conducting trades during the Blackout Period.
Report on Changes in Shareholding of Directors and Executives in 2025
Number of Change (Net) Number of
Change (Net)
Name Position Shares as of - Related Shares as of
- Reporter
IPO Date Persons Dec 31, 2025
Mr. Ek Burapavong Chairman of the 1,250,000 - - 1,250,000
Board
Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Director 1,250,000 - - 1,250,000
Ms. Naruechon Director - - - -
Dhumrongpiyawut
Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap Director 288,000,000 - - 288,000,000
Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha Director 288,000,000 - - 288,000,000
112
Number of Change (Net) Number of
Change (Net)
Name Position Shares as of - Related Shares as of
- Reporter
IPO Date Persons Dec 31, 2025
Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha Director 288,000,000 - - 288,000,000
Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Director/ 302,000,000 4,401,600 - 306,401,600
Executive
Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Director/ 5,700,000 - - 5,700,000
Executive
Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Director/ 4,150,000 - - 4,150,000
Executive
Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul Executive 6,530,000 - - 6,530,000
Ms. Kanokporn Executive 2,700,000 - - 2,700,000
Cheewaviriyanon
Mr. Ekasit Lertkarnrujee Executive 2,300,000 - - 2,300,000
Mr. Bruce Gordon Ogden Executive 150,000 - - 150,000
Mr. Jittapu Mulasart Executive 1,500,000 - - 1,500,000
I Independence and Diversity of the Board of Directors
The Group prioritizes a Board structure aligned with good corporate governance principles by requiring at
least one-third of the Board to be independent directors to oversee and audit operations independently, free from
conflicts of interest. Furthermore, the Group adheres to a Board Diversity policy, utilizing a Board Skill Matrix
encompassing professional skills and relevant industry experience. This ensures the Board i s c omposed o f i ndividuals
with diverse knowledge capable of supporting strategy formulation and driving the Group toward sustainable growth.
Board Skill Matrix
Core Competencies
Accounting & Finance ○ Ability to read and analyze financial statements or experience in
corporate financial management.
Legal ○ Knowledge of business law, and regulations of the SET and the
SEC.
Risk Management ○ Understanding of identifying, assessing, and managing corporate
risks.
Industry-Specific Skills
Financial Business ○ Knowledge and understanding of financial institution business
models, Retail Lending, Title Loans, including Insurance
Brokerage and credit risk management.
113
Mass Outlet Management ○ Experience in managing large-scale branch networks, covering
branch system design, manpower planning, and large-scale
recruitment.
Marketing & Branding ○ Understanding of marketing strategy, branding, consumer
insights analysis, and marketing communication to build a
customer base.
Modern Governance Skills
Technology & AI ○ Understanding of IT infrastructure and the application of
Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology to increase efficiency or
create business opportunities.
Cyber Security & Data Privacy ○ Knowledge of cyber threat risk management and understanding
of the Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA).
ESG ○ Knowledge of Environmental, Social, and Governance
management for sustainable development.
The Company prioritizes the continuous development of the Board of Directors' potential and knowledge
base. We actively encourage participation in training programs and seminars organized by leading institutions, such as
the Thai Institute of Directors (IOD) and the Stock Exchange of Thailand etc. These initiatives aim to enhance their
vision, knowledge, and experience, ultimately elevating the efficiency of the Company's policy-making and strategic
decision-making processes.
114
Table of Board of Directors' Expertise
Financial Mass
Name Accounting Legal Risk Mgt. services Outlet Marketing Tech Cyber ESG
Gender Age
& Finance businesses Mgt. & Branding & AI & PDPA
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong M 52 ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul F 42 ✔ ✔ ✔
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut F 42 ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
4. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap F 42 ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
5. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha F 43 ✔ ✔ ✔
6. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha M 34 ✔ ✔ ✔
7. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap M 41 ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon M 46 ✔ ✔ ✔
9. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm M 37 ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔
115
I Board of Directors’ Meeting
The Group’s policy regarding Board meetings is stipulated in the Board of Directors’ Charter to ensure
efficient and transparent duty performance, with key details as follows:
○ The Chairman of the Board is responsible for determining the agenda and calling Board meetings, ensuring
that all significant matters are included. Meetings must be held at least 4 times per year, with dates
potentially scheduled in advance for the entire year to ensure full attendance. Should t wo or more d irectors
request a meeting, t he Chairman m ust schedule it w ithin 1 4 d ays o f t he request. I n cases where t he Chairman
is not an independent director, one independent director shall be appointed to jointly consider the meeting
agenda to promote a balance of power between the Board and management in accordance with good
corporate governance.
○ For calling a Board meeting, the Chairman or Company Secretary shall send a notice of the meeting, along
with the agenda and supporting documents, to all directors at least 7 days in a dvance. This allows s ufficient
time for study, except in urgent cases where a shorter notice period or alternative notification method is
permitted to protect the Group’s rights or benefits. The Chairman may also decide to conduct meetings via
electronic media, following the criteria and methods prescribed by relevant laws.
○ A quorum for a Board meeting requires the attendance of no less than h alf o f t he total number of d irectors.
The Chairman presides over the meeting and ensures sufficient time for the discussion and independent
expression of opinions on each agenda item. If the Chairman is a bsent o r u nable t o p erform their d uties, t he
Vice Chairman shall preside; if there is no Vice Chairman, the attending directors shall e lect one m ember t o
chair the meeting. The Company Secretary must attend every meeting (or assign a representative if
necessary) to record the minutes, which must be completed within 14 days of the meeting date.
○ When considering votes on significant matters—such as major asset acquisitions or disposals, investment
project expansions, approval of connected transactions, or risk management policies—the Board should
ideally attend in full, barring unavoidable circumstances. Any director with a conflict of interest in a matter
under consideration shall have no right to vote and should leave the meeting during that agenda item to
allow for independent and fair discussion
I Information on Roles and Duties of the Board of Directors, the Chairman, and
the Chief Executive Officer
Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
The authority, duties, and responsibilities of the Board of Directors are defined by the Public Limited
Companies Act, the Securities and Exchange Act, and other relevant laws, as well as the Company’s Articles of
Association. The Board has the authority to make decisions and oversee operations in all matters except those
required by law or the Articles of Association t o o btain prior shareholder a pproval. T he k ey d etails are s ummarized as
follows:
1) Consider and define or change the names of directors authorized to sign on behalf of the Group.
2) Appoint or change the Chairman and members of various sub-committees as a ppropriate and based
on recommendations from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to support the Board's
116
duties. This includes approving sub-committee charters defining their composition, duties, and
responsibilities.
3) Consider and propose remuneration for the Board of Directors and sub-committees, based on
recommendations from the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, for shareholder approval.
4) Appoint the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), define their scope of authority and responsibilities,
approve their remuneration based on the Nomination and Remuneration Committee's advice, and
remove them as deemed appropriate.
5) A ppoint qualified and experienced representatives to serve as directors or executives in s ubsidiaries
or associates, at least in proportion to the Group’s shareholding. This is unless legal restrictions
apply or the Board determines that a lower proportion o f r epresentation will n ot impact the Group's
power to define policies and significant operations, or if appropriate power balances/shareholder
agreements are in place. This includes defining clear duties for such representatives and their
discretion in voting on significant matters requiring prior Board approval to ensure management
aligns with Group policy and legal compliance (e.g., disclosure of financial status, connected
transactions, and asset acquisitions/disposals).
6) Approve the selection and proposal of the auditor and their a ppropriate remuneration, a s p resented
by the Audit Committee, before submission for shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting.
7) Appoint a Company S ecretary w ith n ecessary k nowledge and experience t o h andle corporate matters
on behalf of the Group and assist the Board in legal and regulatory compliance (e.g., maintaining
director registers, meeting notices, minutes, and interest reports). The Board also defines their
authority and can remove them as deemed appropriate.
8) Approve interim dividend payments to shareholders when the Company i s d eemed to h ave s ufficient
profits, and report such payments to the next shareholders' meeting.
9) Perform duties and supervise the Group's governance i n a ccordance with l aws, objectives, A rticles of
Association, Board resolutions, and shareholder resolutions w ith r esponsibility, caution, a nd honesty
to protect the rights and benefits of the Group and all shareholders.
10) Define the business objectives, core goals, vision, strategies, business direction, budgets,
management structure, and Authority Limits as proposed by management. Monitor management's
p erformance to e nsure a lignment with t hese g oals for c ompetitiveness and performance, considering
long-term impacts. Strategies and plans must be reviewed at least once a year t o a dapt to c hanging
economic and market conditions.
11) Supervise the Group to ensure good management, adequate and effective risk management and
internal control systems, and measures to mitigate business impacts. Define a risk governance
framework to support the defined direction and foster a risk-aware corporate culture.
12) Recognize Board roles and responsibilities, respect shareholder rights, treat all stakeholders fairly
and transparently, and review the division of roles between the Board, CEO, and management to
align with corporate direction.
117
13) Establish written good corporate governance policies and implement them effectively to ensure
fairness to all stakeholders, complying with the CG Code for listed companies, and ensuring Board
and sub-committee structures support appropriate governance.
14) Oversee, control, and prevent conflicts of interest among stakeholders and manage such conflicts,
including the misuse of Group assets and improper connected transactions.
15) Supervise the establishment of clear whistleblowing policies and procedures, including recording,
tracking, resolving, and reporting complaints effectively in line with regulations and changing
situations.
16) Ensure the Group implements appropriate and efficient accounting s ystems, financial r eporting, and
auditing, along with effective internal controls and audits that can promptly reflect errors. The
organizational structure must facilitate independent and efficient control and audit functions, with
regular assessments of the internal control system's adequacy.
17) Continuously monitor performance and financial status, including financial liquidity and
debt-servicing ability, to ensure compliance with goals, policies, business plans, budgets, and
relevant securities laws.
18) Consider key plans and budgets to achieve objectives, and regularly monitor and evaluate the
performance of management and sub-committees to ensure strategies are met and management
reports are regular.
19) Prepare the annual report and take responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of financial
statements at the end of the fiscal year to reflect the true financial status and performance. These
must follow generally accepted accounting standards and be audited by an approved a uditor b efore
submission for shareholder approval. The Board must ensure the audited balance sheet and profit
and l oss statement are ready before the shareholders' meeting, along with quarterly financial
statement reviews.
20) Arrange the Annual General Meeting of shareholders within 4 months of the end of the fiscal year
(other meetings are Extraordinary General Meetings, which the Board can call as deemed
appropriate). Ensure meetings are orderly, transparent, and efficient, with accurate disclosure of
r esolutions and minutes. If shareholders holding at l east 10% o f t otal sold shares request an EGM in
writing with clear reasons, the Board must arrange the meeting within 45 days of receiving the
request.
21) Consider and approve asset acquisitions or disposals, new business investments, and any o perations
in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Act and Public Limited Companies Act, unless
shareholder approval is required.
22) Consider and approve connected transactions between the Company/subsidiaries and connected
persons as per SEC/SET regulations. Approve principles f or g eneral commercial terms i n t ransactions
between the Group and directors/executives/related persons to define the framework for the
Executive Committee and management to operate within legal limits.
23) Ensure the disclosure of appropriate information to stakeholders, persons with conflicts of interest,
and related parties accurately, completely, appropriately, and timely.
118
24) Directors and executives must notify the Group of their relationships and share/debenture holdings
in the Company/subsidiaries/associates, as well as transactions involving themselves or related
persons that may cause conflicts of interest, and must avoid such conflicts legally.
25) Seek independent opinions from professional advisors when necessary at the Group's expense,
following Group procurement procedures.
26) Be jointly liable to persons trading Group securities for damages arising from the disclosure of
materially false or misleading information to shareholders or the public, as per the Securities and
Exchange Act, unless the director can prove they could not have k nown t he truth of t he information
due to their position.
27) Be jointly liable for damages to the Group according to the criteria in t he Public L imited Companies
Act.
28) Perform any other duties related to the Group's business as assigned by shareholders.
Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board
The authority, duties, and responsibilities of the Chairman are defined by the Public L imited Companies A ct,
the Securities and Exchange Act, and the Company’s Articles of Association, with details as follows:
1) The Chairman defines the agenda and calls Board of Directors’ meetings, ensuring significant
matters a re i ncluded. I f at l east 2 directors r equest a meeting, t he Chairman m ust set t he date w ithin
14 days of the request.
2) The Chairman may decide to hold meetings via electronic media, which must comply with current
laws or regulations.
3) The Chairman presides over Board meetings and ensures sufficient time for directors to discuss and
express opinions independently on significant issues, considering the interests of shareholders and
stakeholders fairly.
4) Decisions in Board meetings are made by a majority vote, with each director having one vote.
Directors with a conflict of i nterest i n a matter shall n ot attend or v ote o n t hat item. I n the event o f a
tie, the Chairman has a casting vote.
Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
The Board of Directors appoints and assigns the CEO to lead the Group’s administration and management
within defined limits. The CEO must perform duties with responsibility, caution, and honesty for the Group’s best
interest, complying with laws, objectives, Articles of Association, and Board/shareholder resolutions. Details include:
1) Manage and control overall operations and/or daily administration of the Group in line with
objectives, policies, strategies, financial goals, budgets, and Board/shareholder resolutions.
2) Define and implement core policies, business direction, strategies, goals, plans, r esource a llocation,
and annual budgets. Propose amendments to these policies to the Executive C ommittee a nd/or t he
Board for approval and provide strategic options to management.
3) Regularly report overall performance and progress to the Board and/or sub-committees.
119
4) Define organizational and management structures, personnel policies, recruitment, training, hiring,
transfers, promotions, disciplinary actions, and terminations. S et w age rates, salaries, c ompensation,
bonuses, and benefits as per Board guidelines and industry standards.
5) Manage, supervise, and evaluate the performance of internal units (management and support) to
handle external and internal risks.
6) Command, communicate, announce, and negotiate/sign contracts and documents for Group
operations, maintaining internal discipline as assigned by the Board.
7) Approve operational expenses, interest/fee waivers or reductions, and other Group expenses (e.g.,
branch opening costs, loan-related costs, bank fees, and advances) within defined Authority Limits.
8) Approve investments or joint ventures in other businesses and normal business transactions within
budgets approved by the Executive Committee and/or the Board, following Authority Limits.
9) Define credit policies and financial products, interest rates, fees, and credit approval procedures
within Group regulations. Report such approvals to the Executive Committee, Risk Management
Committee, and/or t he Board. T he C EO h as t he power to s ub-delegate t asks w ithin d efined l imits a nd
regulations.
The delegation of CEO duties must not allow the CEO or their delegate to approve transactions
where they have a conflict o f i nterest o r b enefit (as d efined b y SEC/Capital M arket S upervisory B oard
regulations). Such transactions must be proposed to the Board or shareholders for approval, e xcept
for normal business transactions following Board-approved policies.
10) Lead and act as a role model according to Group ethics and business codes. Promote and monitor
management based on sustainability, good governance, social responsibility, and anti-corruption
measures.
11) Act as the Group's representative to third parties, shareholders, and investors. Support adequate
communication channels and adhere to standardized, accurate, and transparent information
disclosure.
12) Perform any other duties as assigned by the Board, Executive Committee, or sub-committees
reporting to the Board.
7.3 Information on Sub-committees
As of December 31, 2025, the Company h as f our sub-committees: (1) the Executive C ommittee; ( 2) the Audit
Committee; (3) the Nomination and Remuneration Committee; and (4) the Risk Management Committee.
Subsequently, the Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee was established on February 24, 2026.
Each sub-committee has a Board-approved charter s pecifying o bjectives, c omposition, q ualifications, t erm of
office, authority, responsibilities, m eetings, q uorum, voting, and evaluation. C harters are r eviewed as a ppropriate, and
sub-committees must report performance to the Board.
120
Scope of Duties and Responsibilities of Sub-committees
1. Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Executive Committee
The scope of duties, authorities, and responsibilities of the Executive Committee is summarized as
follows:
1.1. To supervise the business operations related to the general management of the Group
through the Chairman of the Executive Committee.
1.2. To conduct, manage, and supervise the business of the Group in accordance with the
objectives, articles of association, policies, regulations, requirements, orders, and
r esolutions of the Board of Directors’ meetings and/or the shareholders’ meetings of the
Group.
1.3. To consider and screen management proposals; formulate and define the vision, strategy,
business direction, policy, goals, business plan, budget, financial plan, management
structure, and authority limits of the Group for submission to the Board of Directors for
approval; and to implement those approved by the Board of Directors, i ncluding monitoring
performance to ensure efficiency.
1.4. To consider and provide opinions on matters requiring a pproval from t he Board o f D irectors,
except for activities that the Board of Directors has assigned to other sub-committees.
1.5. To study the feasibility of new investment projects and have the authority to consider and
approve the Group’s investment or joint venture with individuals, juristic persons, or other
business organizations i n a form d eemed appropriate by the Executive C ommittee t o o perate
according to the Group's objectives, as well as to consider and approve investment
expenditures, entry into legal contracts, and/or any actions related to such matters until
completion, within the authority l imits a nd/or a s p rescribed b y the Board o f D irectors a nd/or
the Group’s regulations.
1.6. To consider and approve operations that are normal business transactions of the Group
(such as buying/selling goods, providing or receiving services), including entering into
contracts related to such matters, within the investment budget or b udget approved b y the
Board of Directors, where the amount for each transaction follows the authority limits
and/or as prescribed by the Board of Directors and/or relevant laws and regulations. This is
subject to the rules of the Office of the SEC and/or the SET regarding connected
transactions and the acquisition or disposal of assets.
1.7. To consider and approve financial transactions with financial institutions for opening
accounts, borrowing, requesting credit, pledging, mortgaging, guaranteeing, and other
matters, including the purchase, sale, and registration of land ownership for the benefit of
t he Group’s business operations, as well as entering into legal contracts, submitting
applications, proposals, contacting, and performing legal acts with government agencies t o
obtain various rights for the Group and/or any actions related to such matters until
completion, within the authority l imits a nd/or a s p rescribed b y the Board o f D irectors a nd/or
relevant laws and regulations. This is subject t o t he rules of t he Office o f t he SEC and/or t he
SET regarding connected transactions and the acquisition or disposal of assets.
121
1.8. To consider and provide opinions to the Board of Directors regarding the Group's dividend
policy and consider proposing annual dividend payments for submission to the Board of
Directors and subsequently to the shareholders' meeting, including considering the Group's
profit and loss and proposing interim dividend payments for the Board of Directors' approval.
1.9. To review and examine the charter annually and propose to the Board of Directors any
amendments to the scope of duties, authorities, and responsibilities of the Executive
Committee to align with current circumstances.
1.10. To delegate authority to any person or persons to perform any s pecific act o r acts on b ehalf
of the Executive C ommittee. Such d elegation o f d uties, a uthorities, and responsibilities s hall
not be a delegation or sub-delegation that allows such person to consider and approve
t ransactions in which they or persons who may have a conflict (as defined by the Office of
the SEC and/or the SET regulations and/or relevant agencies) may have an interest or may
receive any benefit or may have any other conflict of interest with the Group or its
subsidiaries, except for the approval of transactions in accordance with policies a nd criteria
already approved by the shareholders' meeting or the Board of Directors.
1.11. To perform any other duties as assigned by the Board of Directors or according to policies
determined by the Board of Directors.
2. Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Audit Committee
The scope of duties, authorities, and responsibilities of the Audit Committee is summarized as
follows:
2.1. Financial Reporting
2.1.1. To review and ensure that the process for preparing and disclosing information in
financial reports is accurate, complete, sufficient, and reliable within the specified
timeframe, by coordinating with the auditor and executives responsible for
preparing the quarterly and annual financial reports. The Audit Committee may
suggest that the auditor review or examine any t ransactions d eemed necessary a nd
significant during the Group's audit
2.2. Related Party Transactions and Transactions That May Lead to Conflicts of Interest
2.2.1. To consider related party transactions o r transactions that may lead to conflicts of
interest to ensure compliance with the laws and regulations o f t he Stock Exchange,
ensuring that such transactions are reasonable and in the best interest of the Group.
2.2.2. To consider the accuracy and completeness o f t he Group's disclosure o f i nformation
regarding related party transactions or transactions that may lead to conflicts of
interest.
2.3. Internal Control System and Internal Audit
2.3.1. To review the Group to e nsure it has appropriate, sufficient, and effective internal
control and internal audit systems.
122
2.3.2. To discuss with the auditor regarding the internal control system and the Group's
risks within the scope of the auditor's work.
2.3.3. To consider the audit r esults a nd recommendations o f t he auditor, the internal audit
unit, and other regulatory agencies regarding the internal control system, and
propose improvements to management accordingly, including monitoring the
implementation of such recommendations.
2.3.4. To consider and review the independence of the internal audit u nit and approve the
appointment, transfer, or dismissal of the head of internal audit or any other unit
responsible for internal auditing.
2.3.5. To consider and approve the annual budget, m anpower, and resources necessary f or
the operation of the internal audit department; approve the annual audit plan,
including any significant revisions; supervise the performance of the internal audit
department to align with the approved annual audit plan and international
standards for the professional practice of i nternal auditing; and evaluate t he quality
of internal audit performance annually. This includes meeting with the head of the
internal audit d epartment to d iscuss significant issues without m anagement p resent
at least once a year.
2.3.6. To review reports from the internal audit unit regarding the evaluation of the
effectiveness of internal control, risk management, and governance systems, and
discuss findings with the internal audit unit.
2.3.7. To review risk management measures and systems to be robust, appropriate, and
effective, as well as review the Group’s internal processes regarding whistleblowing
and complaint handling.
2.3.8. To review cooperation and coordination between the internal audit unit and the
auditor.
2.3.9. T o arrange for an internal audit quality assessment by an independent external
assessor at least every 5 years.
2.4. Auditor
2.4.1. To consider, select, and propose t he appointment o f a n independent p erson to s erve
as the Group’s auditor, including the appropriateness of t he auditor’s r emuneration,
to the Board of Directors for submission to the shareholders' meeting.
2.4.2. To consider the rotation of the auditor responsible for auditing/reviewing and
expressing opinions on the Group’s financial statements if they have performed
duties for 5 consecutive fiscal years, by considering a change in the audit fi rm o r at
least the signing auditor if from the same firm.
2.4.3. To meet with the auditor at least once per quarter t o d iscuss issues or o bservations
found during the audit or review of financial statements.
123
2.4.4. To meet with the auditor without management present at least once a year t o s eek
opinions on various matters found during the auditor's performance, such as
concerns regarding accounting policies and estimates, conflicts between
management and the auditor, and the competence and sufficiency of accounting
and finance staff.
2.5. Compliance with Relevant Laws and Standards
2.5.1. To review the Group’s compliance with t he Securities a nd Exchange Act, regulations
of the Stock Exchange, and laws relevant to t he Group’s business, as w ell as r elated
rules, regulations, codes of conduct, and procedures.
2.5.2. To report to government agencies according to the following details:
2.5.2.1. If the Audit Committee has reported to the Board of Directors regarding
matters significantly affecting the financial position and performance, and
after discussions with the Board and management, it is determined that
improvements are required by a deadline s et b y the Audit Committee, and if
the Committee finds that such improvements are ignored without
reasonable c ause, a ny m ember o f t he Audit Committee o r the Committee a s
a whole must report such findings to the SEC or the SET.
2.5.2.2. If the Group’s auditor discovers suspicious circumstances indicating that a
director or executive has committed an offense as specified in Section
89/25 of the Securities and Exchange Act and has informed the Audit
Committee, the Committee must:
- Investigate and report the preliminary findings regarding the
suspicious circumstances to the SEC or the SET and the Group’s
auditor within 30 days of notification.
- If the circumstances warrant further investigation, proceed
appropriately t o c omplete a detailed investigation a nd report t o t he
Board of Directors for corrective action within a reasonable
timeframe.
- Compile all issues notified by the auditor and ensure that
preliminary investigation results for every issue have b een r eported
to the SEC and the auditor, using c ross-verification w ith t he auditor
for consistency.
2.5.2.3. In the event of a change in the Audit Committee's duties, the Group must
notify the resolution of change and provide t he list of n ames and the scope
of t he changed d uties a ccording to t he SET's forms within 3 business days o f
the change via the SET's electronic reporting system.
2.5.2.4. To perform any other acts as required by law.
2.6. Supervision of Anti-Fraud and Corruption Measures
2.6.1. To supervise the internal control process, accounting and financial reporting
systems, internal audit system, risk management, whistleblowing, investigation,
124
promotion, and awareness-building, as well as other departments related to the
anti-corruption policy, to ensure that processes are appropriately defined and fully
and effectively implemented, including reviewing the accuracy of reference
documents.
2.6.2. To ensure a whistleblowing process is in place for personnel and stakeholders to
report suspicions of violations of laws, rules, regulations, codes of conduct, or
corporate governance policies, providing assurance to whistleblowers of an
independent investigation and appropriate follow-up.
2.7. Other Responsibilities
2.7.1. To perform any other acts as required by law or assigned by the Board of Directors
and agreed upon by the Audit Committee.
2.7.2. To perform duties as additionally announced by the SET and the SEC.
2.7.3. To consider seeking independent opinions from other professional advisors as
necessary to perform duties under the charter effectively at the Group's expense,
following the Group's procurement procedures.
The Board of Directors has the authority to amend or change the definitions and qualifications of
Audit Committee members and the Audit Committee Charter to align with the Audit Committee's
responsibilities under the rules of the SEC, the SET, the Capital Market Supervisory Board, and/or
other relevant legal provisions.
3. Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
The key scope of authority, duties, and responsibilities of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee are summarized as follows:
3.1. To consider and determine the criteria and process for nominating qualified individuals to
serve as directors, sub-committee members, and the Chief Executive Officer, in alignment
with the Group's business strategies. This includes d eveloping a Board S kill M atrix to support
the nomination process, reviewing qualifications and backgrounds, a nd selecting c andidates
based on the defined process to propose to the Board of Directors’ meeting and/or the
Shareholders’ meeting, as applicable. In nominating directors, a surplus of candidates
relative to the vacancies should be proposed to allow the Board to select the most suitable
individuals. The Committee should also encourage the Group to provide opportunities for
minority shareholders to propose director candidates for consideration prior to the
Shareholders’ meeting.
3.2. To review t he criteria and methods f or n ominating directors a nd sub-committee members f or
recommendation to the Board b efore t he expiration of t erms. I n cases where t he Committee
proposes the renomination of existing members, their past performance m ust be taken i nto
consideration.
3.3. To consider and determine the criteria and forms of remuneration for directors,
sub-committee members, and senior e xecutives, and provide r ecommendations t o t he Board
125
of Directors for both monetary and non-monetary compensation. This involves
benchmarking against leading companies within the same industry, considering past
performance, experience, duties, scope of roles and responsibilities, business expansion,
financial status, goals, and the Group's short-term and long-term strategic plans to
incentivize management and retain high-quality personnel. The Board of Directors shall
approve the structure and remuneration for senior executives, while the structure and
remuneration for directors and sub-committee members shall be proposed for annual
approval by the Shareholders’ meeting.
3.4. To consider and determine the criteria for evaluating the performance of the Board of
Directors, sub-committees, and senior executives for proposal to the Board of Directors.
3.5. To arrange for development programs for t he various sub-committees and senior e xecutives,
establish a Succession Plan for senior executives, and review such programs and plans
annually. In the case of newly appointed directors, the Committee shall ensure that the
Group organizes an orientation session.
3.6. To nominate a Chief E xecutive O fficer from t he selected i nternal successors i n t he event o f a
vacancy, or consider external candidates if no suitable internal successor is identified.
3.7. To receive reports regarding the appointment of senior executives from the selected
successors, as appointed by the C hief Executive Officer, in the event of a vacancy in senior
executive positions.
3.8. To perform any other duties as deemed appropriate and assigned by the Board o f D irectors.
In performing its duties within its scope, the Nomination and Remuneration C ommittee h as
the authority to call upon management or relevant personnel to provide opinions, attend
meetings, or submit documents deemed necessary. Furthermore, in discharging its duties
under this Charter, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee may seek advice from
independent external consultants or other professional experts if deemed necessary and
appropriate.
4. Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the Risk Management Committee
The key scope of authority, duties, and responsibilities of the Risk Management Committee are
summarized as follows:
4.1. To consider and provide opinions on the draft policy and corporate risk management
framework that align with the goals, objectives, p rimary strategies, and risk appetite of t he
business. This includes covering the management of information technology risks before
proposing them to the Board of Directors for consideration, opinion, and approval.
4.2. To consider and provide opinions on the determination of the Risk Appetite and Risk
Tolerance of the organization before proposing them to the Board of Directors for
consideration, opinion, and approval.
4.3. To acknowledge, consider, and provide opinions on risk assessment results, impacts,
likelihood of occurrence, risk management guidelines and measures, and action plans to
manage residual risks. This is t o e nsure t hat the Group m aintains a dequate, appropriate, and
efficient risk management.
126
4.4. To oversee and support the success of corporate risk management. To recommend
preventive measures and methods to mitigate risk levels to stay within the risk appetite. T o
monitor the implementation plans for risk reduction continuously and appropriately for
business conditions to ensure that risks are managed adequately and appropriately.
4.5. To provide advice and support to the Board of Directors, management, and the risk
management department regarding corporate-level risk management. This includes
promoting and supporting the continuous a nd regular i mprovement a nd development of t he
internal risk management system.
4.6. To oversee and support the annual review of the corporate risk management policy and
framework to ensure that such policy and framework remain consistent and appropriate for
the objectives, goals, strategies, overall b usiness conditions, and risk management a ctivities
of the Group.
4.7. To report significant risks of the Group, including risk status, risk management guidelines,
progress, and results of risk management, to the Board o f D irectors f or a cknowledgment on
a regular basis.
4.8. To provide opinions and recommendations o n t he engagement o f e xternal parties t o p rovide
independent advice regarding the framework, scope, and implementation of risk
management for the risk management department.
4.9. T o communicate, exchange information, and coordinate regarding risks and internal control
with the Audit Committee at least once a year.
4.10. To perform any other actions as assigned by the Board of Directors pertaining to risk
management.
5. Scope of Authority, Duties, and Responsibilities of the C orporate G overnance a nd S ustainability
Committee
The key scope of authority, duties, and responsibilities of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee are summarized as follows:
5.1. Corporate Governance
5.1.1. To provide recommendations and endorse the Good Corporate Governance Policy
for the Board of Directors' approval, including providing advice on the review of
policies and guidelines related to corporate governance, such as the Good
Corporate Governance Policy, Code of Business Conduct, Anti-Corruption Policy,
etc., to ensure alignment with international standards and requirements of
regulatory agencies.
5.1.2. To oversee that the Group implements such policies in a concrete manner and
regularly monitor the performance results.
5.1.3. To oversee the disclosure of information regarding conflicts of interest between
management, the Board of Directors, and shareholders, including the prevention of
misuse of inside information and transactions with persons related to the Group.
127
5.1.4. To promote the communication of an ethical corporate culture to employees at all
levels.
5.2. Sustainability (ESG)
5.2.1. To define the sustainability policy and operational direction covering Environmental,
Social, and Governance (ESG) dimensions to align with the Group's strategy.
5.2.2. To oversee and monitor sustainability risks (ESG Risks) that may impact the image or
business operations of the Group.
5.2.3. To provide advice and consider for approval the framework for preparing the
Sustainability Report or One Report in the ESG section before presenting it to the
Board of Directors' meeting.
5.2.4. To promote appropriate stakeholder engagement.
I Sub-committee Members
1. Executive Committee
As of December 31, 2025, the Executive Committee consists of 6 executive directors as
follows:
Name Position
1. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Chairman of the Executive Committee
2. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Member of the Executive Committee
3. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Member of the Executive Committee
4. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul Member of the Executive Committee
5. Ms. Kanokporn Cheewaviriyanon Member of the Executive Committee
6. Mr. Ekasit Lertkarnrujee Member of the Executive Committee
Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee was appointed as the Secretary of the Executive Committee by the
Executive Committee Meeting No. 1/2021 on May 12, 2021. Upon the company's transformation into
a public limited company on September 15, 2023, Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee continued to hold her
position as the Secretary to the Executive Committee.
2. Audit Committee
As of December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee consists of 3 directors as follows:
Name Position
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong Chairman of the Audit Committee
128
Name Position
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Member of the Audit Committee
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Member of the Audit Committee
Mr. Ek Burapavong is an Audit Committee m ember w ith s ufficient knowledge and experience
to review the reliability of the Group’s financial statements. Ms. K esorn Jaidee was appointed a s t he
Secretary of the Audit Committee by the Audit Committee Meeting No. 1/2021 on May 12, 2021.
Upon the company's transformation into a public limited company on September 15, 2023, Ms.
Kesorn Jaidee continued to hold her position as the Secretary to the Audit Committee.
3. Nomination and Remuneration Committee
As of December 31, 2025, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee consists of 4
directors as follows:
Name Position
1. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
2. Mr. Ek Burapavong Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
4. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee
Ms. Rachawadee Chaikan was appointed as the Secretary of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee Meeting No. 1/2026 on
February 24, 2026.
4. Risk Management Committee
As of December 31, 2025, the Risk Management Committee consists of 5 directors as
follows:
Name Position
1. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Chairman of the Risk Management Committee
2. Mr. Ek Burapavong Member of the Risk Management Committee
3. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Member of the Risk Management Committee
4. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Member of the Risk Management Committee
5. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul ( 1)(2) Member of the Risk Management Committee
129
Remark: (1) Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul resigned from the Risk Management Committee on February 24, 2026.
(2) Mr. Bruce Gordon Ogden was appointed to the Risk Management Committee by the Board of D irectors' M eeting
No. 1/2026, held on February 24, 2026.
Mr. Kasama Chuen-Ubon was appointed as the Secretary of the Risk Management
Committee by the Risk Management Committee Meeting No. 1/2022 on August 11, 2 022. U pon the
company's transformation into a public limited company on September 15, 2023, Mr. Kasama
Chuen-Ubon continued to hold his position as the Secretary to the Risk Management Committee.
5. Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee
The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee was established on February 24,
2026. As of its establishment date, the Committee consists of 4 directors as follows:
Name Position
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong Chairman of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee
2. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee
3. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee
4. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee
Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee was appointed as the Secretary of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee by the Board of Director Meeting No. 1/2026 on February 24, 2026.
Authorized Directors
The directors authorized to sign on behalf of the Group are: (1) Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap or Mrs. Saliltip
Ruangsuttipap, co-signing with Ms. Ariya T angmitrphracha or Mr. M aruay Tangmitrphracha, with t he Group’s common
seal affixed for all cases; or (2) Any one of Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap, Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, Ms. Ariya
Tangmitrphracha, Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha, Mr. Varut Tientamnoon, or Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm, signing and
affixing the Group’s common seal specifically for: the submission of p etitions; all types of r egistration a pplications; all
types of permit applications; the submission of statements; including any actions related thereto, to government
agencies, state agencies, state enterprises, or any organizations responsible for such matters; or the acceptance of
property mortgages as collateral for debt repayment to the Group, including any actions specifically related t o s uch
mortgage acceptance; as well as t he submission of p etitions, requests, a nd supporting documents for t he registration
of such legal acts with relevant agencies and the amendment, release of mortgage, redemption of mortgage, or
revocation of such legal acts.
130
7.4 Information on Executives
As of December 31, 2025, the Group has 8 executives as defined by "Executive" ( 1) under the Notification of
the Securities and Exchange Commission No. KorChor. 17/2551, as follows:
Name Position
1. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Chief Executive Officer
2. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Chief Branch Management Officer
3. Ms. Kanokporn Cheewaviriyanon Chief Business Operation Officer
4. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Chief Financial Officer (2) and
Chief Human Resources Officer
5. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul Chief Business and Marketing Officer
6. Mr. Ekasit Lertkarnrujee Chief Technology Officer
7. Mr. Bruce Gordon Ogden Chief Risk Officer
8. Mr. Jittapu Mulasart Financial Controller
Remark: (1) According to the definition in Notification N o. KorChor. 17/2551, “Executive” means a manager or the first
four persons in executive positions below the manager, including every person holding a position equivalent
to the fourth executive position, and shall include persons holding executive positions in accounting or
finance at the level of department manager or higher or equivalent.
(2) The person assigned the highest responsibility i n the Accounting and Finance line
Policy and Method for Determining Executive Remuneration
The Chief Executive Officer, in conjunction with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
considers and determines the criteria and forms of remuneration for executives for recommendation to the
Board of Directors, encompassing both monetary and non-monetary forms. This is determined by
benchmarking against leading companies in the same industry, past performance, experience, duties, scope
of roles and responsibilities, business expansion, financial status, goals, and the Group’s short-term and
long-term strategic plans. This approach aims to incentivize management and retain high-quality senior
executives. The Board of Directors is the authority that approves the structure and remuneration of senior
executives.
Executives' Remuneration
The Group provided remuneration to a total of 7 executives (excluding the Financial Controller),
consisting of two main components: monetary remuneration in the form of salary and bonuses, and other
remuneration in the form of social security contributions and provident fund contributions, the details of
which are as follows:
131
Unit: Baht
Remuneration Details 2023 2024 2025
1. Salaries and bonuses 30,981,310 33,840,959 36,434,916
2. Other remuneration 1,445,030 1,702,733 2,194,798
Chief Executive Officer's Remuneration
The group establishes the remuneration policy for the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) in alignment
with the operational performance, duties, and responsibilities, and maintains it at a competitive level within
the industry. The remuneration consists of 2 main components: fixed remuneration and variable
remuneration in the form of bonuses, which was approved in the Board of Directors' Meeting N o. 1 /2569 on
February 24, 2026, with the following significant substances:
1. Fixed remuneration consists of a salary, a position allowance, and a position vehicle
allowance. The consideration for salary adjustment shall be determined by a definitive
formula, which will consider the Group's operational performance, such as the Return on
Assets (ROA), the revenue growth rate, and the overall macroeconomic conditions of the
country, such as the inflation rate.
2. Variable remuneration in the form of bonuses shall be determined by a definitive formula,
depending on the Return on Assets (ROA) and the revenue growth rate.
3. The Chief Executive Officer receives other welfare, whether monetary and/or otherwise, in
accordance with the criteria and conditions prescribed in the laws and the working
regulations of the Group.
Succession Plan
As the Group realizes the importance of creating c ontinuity and stability in b usiness operations, o ne
of the crucial f actors i s t he selection a nd development of p ersonnel to s ucceed executive positions w ithin t he
organization. Therefore, the Group has formulated the Succession Plan Policy to support the readiness
preparation for personnel replacement, as well as to build confidence among investors, shareholders, and
internal personnel within the organization that the Group's operations can be continued efficiently and
promptly, ready to cope with future changes. the Group has established operational criteria for the
succession plan to ensure that the selection of personnel for k ey e xecutive positions p roceeds a ppropriately,
transparently, and in accordance with the prescribed standards. This is to ensure that the Group will obtain
executives who possess qualifications, skills, experiences, and capabilities at a professional level. The
nomination process is c onducted through t he Nomination and Remuneration C ommittee o r p ersons a ssigned
by the Board of Directors, with the following details:
1. Chief Executive Officer
When the Chief Executive Officer position becomes vacant, or the person holding the
position i s u nable t o p erform duties i n t he position, t he Board o f D irectors shall a ssign one o f
the departmental executives or any other person to be the acting person in the position
until there is a nomination and selection o f a person possessing qualifications i n a ccordance
with the criteria determined b y the Group. T he N omination and Remuneration C ommittee o r
persons appointed b y the Board o f D irectors s hall b e the nominators t o p ropose to t he Board
132
of Directors to consider and approve the appointment of a suitable person to hold the
replacing position subsequently.
2. Chief of Division
In the event that a Chief of Division position becomes vacant, or the person holding the
position is unable to perform duties, the Chief Executive Officer shall consider appointing a
successor from the pre-selected personnel, whether in the form of a temporary acting
capacity or a permanent appointment, and submit a report of such appointment to the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee for acknowledgment.
The Group requires that the succession plan policy be reviewed regularly at least every 2 years, or if
there is a ny s ignificant change in t he organization, t o a lign w ith t he appropriateness and the situations o f t he
organization. I f there is any alteration or cancellation of the policy, it must exclusively receive written
approval from the Board of Directors.
7.5 Information on Employees
Number of Personnel
As of December 31, 2025, the Group has a total of 2,405 personnel, which can be categorized by
functional lines as follows:
Unit: Persons
Division 2023 2024 2025
1. CEO Office 31 25 15
2. Branch Management 2,190 2,268 2,117
3. Product and Marketing 31 23 20
4. Business Operation 36 51 44
5. Finance and Accounting 59 54 50
6. Human Resources 34 31 16
7. Risk Management 15 32 34
8. Technology 133 102 79
9. Internal Audit 11 17 15
10. Data and Platform 25 23 15
Total 2,565 2,626 2,405
133
Number of Employees and Executives Categorized by Gender
Unit: Persons
Number of Employees 2023 2024 2025
Total number of employees 2,565 2,626 2,405
Number of female employees 1,715 1,779 1,650
Number of male employees 850 847 755
Employee ratio (Female:Male) 2.02 : 1 2.10 : 1 2.19 : 1
Number of Employees and Executives Categorized by Age Group
Unit: Persons
Age 2023 2024 2025
< 30 2,313 2,248 1,883
30 - 40 214 332 469
> 40 38 46 53
Total 2,565 2,626 2,405
Number of Employees and Executives Categorized by Level
Unit: Persons
Level 2023 2024 2025
Executive 7 8 8
Manager 136 129 118
Specialist 2,422 2,489 2,279
Total 2,565 2,626 2,405
Personnel Remuneration
For the accounting year ended December 31, 2025, the Group paid remuneration to personnel
(excluding directors and executives) of the Group in various forms, namely salaries, bonuses, provident f und
contributions, and other remunerations, with the following details:
Unit: Baht
Remuneration Details 2023 2024 2025
1. Salaries and bonuses 435,336,338 559,370,261 521,868,198
2. Other remuneration 252,279,118 265,356,192 270,395,227
134
Provident Fund
In 2017, the Group established a provident fund jointly with the employees in accordance with the
Provident Fund Act B.E. 2530 (including any amendments thereto). The Group m akes monthly c ontributions
to the fund at rates ranging from 5.0 percent to 12.0 percent of the employees' basic salaries, but not
exceeding the employees' contribution rates. The provident fund is a separate fund from o ther assets of t he
Group, with Kasikorn Asset Management Company Limited serving as the fund manager. Employees will
receive the provident fund money upon the termination of employment in accordance with the fund's
regulations.
Number of participants 2023 2024 2025
Number of participants (person) 224 346 507
Proportion of employees who are PVD
9.74% 13.91% 22.10%
members (%)
Labor Disputes
The Group has not had any significant labor disputes that materially affect the business, financial
status, and operational performance of the Group o ver the past 3 years. Furthermore, the Group i s n ot aware
of any events that might cause labor disputes w hich could materially affect the financial s tatus a nd business
of the Group.
Human Resources Development Policy
The Group is profoundly aware that for the Group to successfully operate the business according to
the established missions and g oals, o ne o f t he vital c omponents to d rive or propel the Group t owards s uccess
is h uman r esources. I n accordance with t he Group's belief t hat states "We believe i n t he importance o f p eople
because people are the most important. People are the creators of all things." Therefore, for human
resources to generate excellent work achievements for the Group, the most important thing is that the
human resources of the Group must possess the knowledge, capabilities, and skills necessary for their
performed tasks excellently. For this reason, the Group proceeds to formulate a human resources
development policy aiming to enhance knowledge, capabilities, and necessary skills for better performance.
This is to support and promote personnel to create favorable work achievements, which will subsequently
assist the Group in attaining its established missions and goals.
The Group arranges for internal training conducted within the Group, whereby the Group invites
knowledgeable and capable speakers from both within and outside to transfer knowledge to the personnel.
Furthermore, there is external training by assigning personnel to undergo training with relevant external
organizations, agencies, or institutes to receive knowledge transfer. Both forms of training aim for the
personnel to develop knowledge, capabilities, a nd necessary s kills for b etter p erformance, in o rder to support
personnel in creating favorable work achievements.
The Group has organized learning f or t he personnel of t he Group i n v arious formats, both i n t he form
of classroom learning (Offline Training) and out-of-classroom learning (Online Training), so that the
personnel can consistently develop themselves. In this regard, the Group requires training for branch
employees, both new and current branches, and all headquarters personnel from the entry level to the
executive level, to ensure that the personnel acquire the knowledge, capabilities, and skills necessary for
135
their operations. In addition, the Group has defined the scope of responsibilities of the Training and
Development Department, which is responsible for developing the knowledge, skills, and capabilities
necessary for operations so that the personnel can perform their duties efficiently. Other departments and
sections also have the duty to assist, support, and cooperate. The Group has established operational
guidelines as follows:
1. Exploring the necessity for training
2. Preparing the budget for training
3. Types of development, namely core training needs, managerial training needs, and
functional training needs
4. Conducting the training
5. Monitoring and evaluating the training results
6. Maintaining training records
7. Requesting cancellation or postponement of training schedules
Furthermore, the Group envisions the importance of developing personnel to prepare them for
career growth by formulating a Career Path Development Plan for various key positions of the Group. This is
to ensure that the Group is well-prepared to secure replacement personnel or to accommodate future
business expansion.
Additionally, fully aware of the pivotal role of Artificial Intelligence (AI), the Group prioritized AI
literacy in 2025 by providing specialized training for practical workplace applications. This includes 'The
Agentic Series,' a comprehensive program designed to provide actionable insights into integrating AI to
tangibly elevate work performance across all functions.
7.6 Other information
Regulations on the Authority to Operate and Approve Entering into Significant Transactions
The Board of Directors' Meeting No. 5/2023, held on August 11, 2023, considered a nd approved t he
regulations on approval authority. It determined that the Board of Directors has the authority to establish
the regulations on the operating and approval authority of the Group to ensure that operations are
conducted efficiently. Authority has been delegated to the Executive Committee and the management to
carry out various matters under the specified criteria, such as the approval of the operating budget and
capital expenditure, entering into legal contracts, disbursements, financial affairs, accounting affairs,
procurement, and human resource management, etc. The essence of the approval authority table can be
summarized as follows:
136
Chief Executive Executive Board of
Officer Committee Directors
Approval of the annual capital
- - Approve
expenditure budget
Revision and review of the annual
≤ 115% of ≤ 130% of > 130% of
capital expenditure budget plan
the budget ( 1) the budget ( 1) the budget
(during the year)
Approval of the annual operating
- - Approve
budget
Revision and review of the annual
≤ 115% of ≤ 130% of > 130% of
operating budget plan (during the
the budget ( 1) the budget ( 1) the budget
year)
Determination of credit policy Approve ( 2) - -
Determination of authority to approve
Approve ( 2) - -
credit granting
Remarks: (1) Must report to the Board of Directors f or acknowledgment in the event that the revision of the budget plan is approved.
(2) Must report to the Risk Management Committee and t he Board of Directors for acknowledgement.
Persons Assigned to Take Direct Responsibility for Supervising Accounting, the Company Secretary, and
the Head of the Internal Audit Department
1. The person directly responsible for supervising the accounting process
Mr. Jittapu Mulasart, who has held the position of Financial Controller since 2018, is the
person directly responsible for supervising the accounting process of the Group to ensure e fficiency
and compliance with the regulations, requirements, and various criteria of the Group, as well as
accounting standards. Mr. Jittapu Mulasart is qualified as an accountant in accordance with the
notification of the Department of Business Development and has no less than 3 years of e xperience
in accounting work during the past 5 years.
2. The Company Secretary
The Board of Directors' Meeting No. 2/2021 on April 23, 2021, resolved to appoint Mrs.
Suranun Wongsalee as the Company Secretary, with duties and responsibilities as stipulated in
Section 89/15 and Section 89/16 of the Securities and Exchange Act. The Company Secretary m ust
perform duties with r esponsibility, due c are, and integrity, a nd must comply w ith l aws, objectives, t he
Group's articles of association, resolutions of the Board of Directors, as well as resolutions of the
shareholders' meetings. T he q ualifications o f t he Company S ecretary a re p rovided i n A ttachment 1.4:
Details of the Company Secretary.
3. Head of the Internal Audit
137
The Audit Committee's Meeting N o. 1 /2021 on M ay 12, 2 021, r esolved to a ppoint Ms. K esorn
Jaidee as t he Head o f I nternal A udit. M s. K esorn Jaidee possesses k nowledge of o perations w ithin t he
Group, principles of good corporate governance, risk assessment, and internal control at both the
business and corporate levels. Furthermore, she maintains independence and has no conflict of
interest in the audited activities. The qualifications of the Head of Internal Audit are provided in
Attachment 1.5: Details of the Head of Internal Audit.
4. Head of Corporate Compliance
The Group has assigned Mr. Worachet Wongnarathiwat to hold the position of Director I -
Corporate Legal and Compliance of the Group to oversee compliance with the regulations of the
official authorities supervising the business operations of the Group. The qualifications of the Head
of Compliance are provided in Attachment 1.6: Details of the Head of Compliance.
5. Investor Relations
Address: 500 Moo 3, Tiwanon Road, Ban Mai Subdistrict, Pak Kret District,
Nonthaburi 11120
Telephone: 095-578-9293
E-mail: ir@turbo.co.th
Website: investor.turbo.co.th
Auditor Remuneration
For the accounting period ended December 31, 2025, the 2025 Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders, held on March 25, 2025, resolved to appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd. as the auditor
of the Group for the year 2025, with the following list:
List of Auditors Certified Public Accountant Registration No.
1. Miss Viphasiri Vimanrat 9141
2. Miss Sakuna Yamsakul 4906
3. Mr. Paiboon Tunkoon 4298
And approved the payment of the audit fee of the Group as follows:
Unit: Baht
Auditor Remuneration 2023 2024 2025
1. Audit Fee 3,250,000 3,500,000 3,600,000
2. Other Service Fees - - -
138

8.1 Summary of the Board’s Performance of Duties
The Board of Directors has established key policies and strategies to enhance the capability of the Group,
including closely monitoring the operational performance and financial status o f t he Group t o e nsure t hat the Group
can operate continuously and increase its competitiveness. In addition, the Board of Directors and the Audit
Committee have adopted the principles of Good Corporate Governance for Listed Companies 2017 (CG C ode) of t he
Securities and Exchange Commission to formulate the policies of the Group, which includes consistently overseeing
the adequacy of the internal control system of t he Group, e nterprise r isk m anagement, a nd ensuring the provision of
accurate and complete financial reports.
I Recruitment, Development, and Performance Evaluation of the Board of
Directors
1. Independent Directors
The Board of Directors shall jointly consider the qualifications of i ndividuals t o s erve as i ndependent
directors by assessing their qualifications and ensuring they possess no prohibited characteristics according
to the Public Limited Companies Act, the Securities a nd Exchange Act, the Notification of t he Capital Market
Supervisory Board No. TorJor. 39/2559 Re: Application for and Approval of Offer for Sale of Newly Issued
Shares (including any amendments), as well as relevant notifications, articles of association, and/or
regulations. Furthermore, the Board of Directors will select independent directors f rom q ualified individuals,
taking into a ccount t heir w ork experience a nd other aspects of s uitability. Subsequently, this will be proposed
to the shareholders' meeting for consideration and appointment as independent directors of t he Group. T he
Group has a policy to appoint independent directors to account for at least one-third o f t he total number of
directors, and there must be no fewer than 3 persons. As of 31 December 2025, the Board of Directors
consists of 3 independent directors out of a total of 9 directors, which is not less t han o ne-third o f t he total
number of directors. The qualifications of independent directors are as follows:
1.1. Holding shares not exceeding one percent of the total number of voting shares of the Group, its
parent company, subsidiary, associate company, major shareholder, or controlling person of the
Group, including the shares held by related persons of such independent directors.
1.2. Neither being nor used to be an executive director, employee, staff, advisor who receives a regular
salary, or controlling person of the Group, its parent company, subsidiary, associate company,
same-level subsidiary, major shareholder, or controlling person of the Group, unless the foregoing
status has ended not less than two years prior to the appointment. Such prohibited characteristics
shall not include c ases where t he independent d irector u sed t o b e a government official o r a dvisor t o
a government agency which is a major shareholder or controlling person of the Group.
1.3. Not being a person related by blood or legal registration as a father, mother, spouse, sibling, and
child, including the spouse of a child, of other directors, executives, major s hareholders, controlling
persons, or persons to be nominated as directors, executives, or controlling persons o f t he Group o r
its subsidiary.
1.4. Neither having nor used to have a business relationship with the Group, its parent company,
subsidiary, associate company, major shareholder, or controlling person of the Group, in a manner
which may interfere with his/her independent judgment, and neither being nor used to be a
140
significant shareholder or controlling person of any person having a business relationship with the
Group, its parent company
1.5. subsidiary, associate company, major shareholder, or controlling person of the Group, unless the
foregoing status has ended not less than two years prior to the appointment.
1.6. Neither being nor used to be an auditor of the Group, its parent company, subsidiary, associate
company, major shareholder, or controlling person of the Group, and not being a significant
shareholder, controlling person, or partner of an audit firm which employs auditors of t he Group, i ts
parent company, subsidiary, associate company, major shareholder, or controlling person of the
Group, unless the foregoing status has ended not less than two years prior to the appointment.
1.7. Neither being nor used to be a provider of any professional services, including legal advisory or
financial advisory services, receiving service f ees exceeding two million Baht per year from the
Group, its parent company, subsidiary, associate company, major shareholder, or controlling person
of the Group, and not being a significant shareholder, controlling person, or partner of such
professional service provider, unless the foregoing status has ended not less than two years prior to
the appointment.
1.8. Not being a director appointed as a representative of the directors of t he Group, m ajor s hareholder,
or shareholder who is related to the major shareholder.
1.9. Not undertaking any business of the same nature and in s ignificant competition w ith t he business of
the Group or its subsidiary, or not being a significant partner in a partnership, or an executive
director, employee, staff, advisor who receives a regular salary, or holding shares exceeding one
percent of the total number of voting shares of another company that undertakes a business of t he
same nature and in significant competition with the business of the Group or its subsidiary.
1.10. Not having any other characteristics that cause the inability to express independent opinions
regarding the operations of the Group. However, after being appointed as an independent director
with the qualifications specified above, the independent director may be assigned by the Board of
Directors to make decisions regarding the operations of the Group, its parent company, subsidiary,
associate company, same-level subsidiary, major shareholder, or controlling person of the Group,
provided that the decision is made in the form of a collective decision.
2. Recruitment and Appointment of Directors and Executives
The B oard o f D irectors' Meeting N o. 2 /2021 on 2 3 A pril 2 021 r esolved to appoint the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee. The scope of authority and duties of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee is in accordance with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee Charter to perform the
duties of recruiting qualified individuals to hold the positions of directors, sub-committee members, Chief
Executive Officer, and executives of the Group, a s w ell as c onsidering t he forms of r emuneration p ayment f or
directors, sub-committee members, Chief Executive Officer, and executives of the Group, to be proposed to
the Board of Directors and/or to the shareholders' meeting for further consideration and approval (as the
case may be).
As of December 31, 2025, the Group has a total of 9 directors, comprising 3 independent directors, 3
executive directors according to t he definition of executive in the Notification No. KorChor. 17/2551, and 3
non-executive directors, with the Chief Executive Officer serving as the highest-ranking executive.
141
3. Appointment and Term of Office
3.1. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall b e the one t o r ecruit and propose t he names of
fully qualified individuals to hold the position of company director. They shall present t he names of
such individuals to the Board of Directors' meeting for proposition to the shareholders' meeting for
further appointment consideration. The appointment of directors shall comply with the Group's
articles of association and relevant laws. Furthermore, the recruitment of directors must be
transparent and clear, by considering the educational background and professional experience of
such individuals, including their qualifications and the absence of prohibited characteristics, with
sufficient details for consideration to benefit the decision-making of the Board of D irectors and
shareholders.
3.2. The company directors hold office for a term of 3 years each, a nd upon t he expiration of t heir t erm,
they may be considered for re-election to continue as company directors as necessary and
appropriate.
3.3. Independent directors may hold office continuously for no more than 9 years from the date o f t heir
fi rst appointment as an independent director. In the event that an independent director is to be
appointed to continue holding office, the Board of Directors should reasonably consider such
necessity.
3.4. The shareholders' meeting shall elect the company directors. However, in the case of electing a
director to replace a vacant director position for reasons other than the expiration of the term, the
Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee,
shall elect a fully qualified person with n o p rohibited characteristics to h old t he position o f c ompany
director as a replacement in t he subsequent Board o f D irectors' meeting, w ith a vote o f n ot less t han
three-fourths of the number o f r emaining directors, unless the remaining term of t hat director i s l ess
than 2 months. The person who assumes t he position o f d irector i n s uch a case shall r emain i n o ffice
only for the remaining term of the director whom they replace.
3.5. In every annual general meeting of shareholders, one-third of the total number of directors shall
vacate office. If the number of directors cannot b e divided exactly into three parts, the number of
directors closest to one-third shall vacate. Directors vacating office may be re-elected to resume
their position. The directors who must vacate office in the first and second years following the
registration of conversion into a public limited company shall be determined by drawing lots. In
subsequent years, the director who has been in office the longest shall be the one to vacate.
3 .6. In addition to vacating office upon the expiration of t he term above, a company d irector m ay v acate
office in the following cases:
3.6.1. Death
3.6.2. Resignation
3.6.3. Disqualification as a company d irector o r possessing prohibited characteristics under the law
concerning public limited companies and/or the law concerning securities and exchange,
including relevant notifications, articles of association, and/or regulations, as well as other
laws and criteria related to the Group's business operations.
142
3.6.4. The shareholders' meeting resolves to remove them from office with votes of not less t han
three-fourths of t he number of s hareholders attending t he meeting and entitled to v ote, a nd
holding shares collectively a mounting to n ot less t han o ne-half o f t he number of s hares h eld
by the shareholders attending the meeting and entitled to vote.
3.6.5. The court issues an order for removal.
3.7. Any company director intending to resign from their position s hall s ubmit a resignation letter to t he
Group, and the resignation shall be effective from the date the resignation letter reaches the Group.
In this regard, as specified i n t he articles of a ssociation of t he Group, t he shareholders' meeting shall
elect the company directors according to the following criteria and procedures:
● The resolution for the election of directors shall be made on an individual basis.
● Each shareholder shall have one vote per share for the election of each director.
● Each shareholder m ay u se a ll their e xisting v otes to e lect one o r several persons a s d irectors.
In the case of electing several persons as d irectors, the votes cannot be divided unevenly
among any candidates.
● The persons receiving the highest number of votes in descending order shall be elected as
directors, equivalent to the number of directors the Group is supposed to have or to be
elected at that time. In the event that the persons elected in the subsequent order have
equal votes exceeding the number of directors the Group is supposed to have or to be
elected at that time, the chairman shall have the casting vote.
Meeting Attendance and Individual Director Remuneration Payment
● The Board of Directors' Meetings
Attendance Physical Online Hybrid
Name Position Total
Proportion Meeting Meeting Meeting
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong Chairman / 100% 4/4 4/4 0/0 0/0
Independent
Director
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Independent 75% 3/4 3/4 0/0 0/0
Director
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Independent 75% 3/4 3/4 0/0 0/0
Director
4. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap Director 100% 4/4 4/4 0/0 0/0
5. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha Director 75% 3/4 3/4 0/0 0/0
6. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha Director 50% 2/4 2/4 0/0 0/0
7. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Executive 100% 4/4 4/4 0/0 0/0
Director
143
Attendance Physical Online Hybrid
Name Position Total
Proportion Meeting Meeting Meeting
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Executive 50% 2/4 2/4 0/0 0/0
Director
9. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Executive 100% 4/4 4/4 0/0 0/0
Director
In 2025, the Board of Directors held a total of 4 m eetings, with an overall attendance rate of 80.56%. Mrs.
Suranun Wongsalee served as the Company Secretary.
● Individual Director's Meetings
Annual Audit Nomination and Risk Executive
General Committee Remuneration Management Committee
Name Meeting of Committee Committee
Shareholders
(1 session) (4 sessions) (1 session) (2 sessions) (6 sessions)
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong 0/1 4/4 1/1 2/2 -
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul 0/1 3/4 1/1 - -
3. Ms. Naruechon 0/1 4/4 1/1 2/2 -
Dhumrongpiyawut
4. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap 1/1 - - - -
5. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha 1/1 - - - -
6. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha 1/1 - - - -
7. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap 1/1 - 1/1 2/2 6/6
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon 0/1 - - 2/2 6/6
9. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm 1/1 - - - 6/6
Remark: At the 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the chairmen of certain sub-committees
did not attend the meeting, as the Company was not yet listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand at that time. However, the Company recognizes
the importance of good corporate governance. For future AGMs, the Company will comply with relevant practices and regulations, ensuring that
the Chairman of the Board and the chairmen of all sub-committees will attend the meetings to provide clarifications and answer shareholders'
inquiries.
144
● Remuneration for Directors
The 2025 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, held on March 25, 2025, resolved to approve the
remuneration for the directors and various sub-committees as follows:
Meeting Allowance Monthly
Committee (Baht/session/person) Remuneration
(Only for attending directors) (Baht/month)
Board of Directors
● Chairman 40,000 -
● Director 30,000 -
Executive Committee
● Chairman of the Executive Committee 30,000 -
● Member of the Executive Committee 20,000 -
Audit Committee
● Chairman of the Audit Committee 30,000 -
● Member of the Audit Committee 20,000 -
Risk Management Committee
● Chairman of the Risk Management Committee 30,000 -
● Member of the Risk Management Committee 20,000 -
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
● Chairman of the Nomination and Remuneration 30,000 -
Committee
● Nomination and Remuneration Committee 20,000 -
Table of Individual Directors' Monetary Remuneration for the Year Ended December 31, 2025
Meeting Allowance (Baht)
Name
Nomination and Risk
Audit Executive
Board of Directors Remuneration Management Total
Committee Committee
Committee Committee
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong 160,000 120,000 20,000 40,000 - 340,000
2. Ms. Thanya 90,000 60,000 30,000 - - 180,000
Sripatanasakul
3. Ms. Naruechon 90,000 80,000 20,000 60,000 - 250,000
Dhumrongpiyawut
145
Meeting Allowance (Baht)
Name
Nomination and Risk
Audit Executive
Board of Directors Remuneration Management Total
Committee Committee
Committee Committee
4. Mrs. Saliltip 120,000 - - - - 120,000
Ruangsuttipap
5. Ms. Ariya 90,000 - - - - 90,000
Tangmitrphracha
6. Mr. Maruay 60,000 - - - - 60,000
Tangmitrphracha
7. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap - - - - - -
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon - - - - - -
9. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm - - - - - -
Remark: Directors who are employees of the Group shall not receive remuneration in their capacity as directors
Performance Evaluation of the Board of Directors
In accordance with the principles of good corporate governance for listed companies, the Board of Directors
has mandated an annual performance evaluation at least once a year. The evaluation results will be utilized as a
framework to review performance, analyze problems and obstacles, as well as apply recommendations to
systematically improve and develop the management efficiency of the Board of Directors.
Format and Characteristics of the Evaluation
The Group conducts the performance evaluation in 3 dimensions to comprehensively cover operations at all
levels, which are:
1. Evaluation of the Board of Directors as a Whole
To evaluate the overall performance of the Board of Directors
2. Evaluation of Individual Directors
To allow each director to review their own performance of duties
3. Evaluation of the Sub-Committees
To formulate a whole-committee evaluation form for every sub-committee in order to measure
operational effectiveness according to their specific missions
Evaluation Topics and Criteria
To ensure that the evaluation results reflect the actual roles and duties, the Group has revised the evaluation
topics to align with the "Board of Directors' Performance Evaluation Manual" of the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET),
by categorizing the evaluation topics according to the types of committees as follows:
146
1. Board of Directors
1.1. Structure and qualifications of the Board of Directors
1.2. Roles, duties, and responsibilities of the Board of Directors
1.3. Board of Directors meetings
1.4. Performance of directors' duties
1.5. Relationship with the management
1.6. Self-development of directors and executive development
2. Sub-Committees
The evaluation topics are designed to be specifically tailored to the Charter of each
committee, to ensure that all committees completely perform their duties in accordance with the
expectations of the organization and shareholders.
3. Evaluation Process and Summary of Results
The Company Secretary of the Group is responsible for distributing the evaluation forms and
consolidating the overall scores to present to the Board of Directors' meeting for consideration. In
the past year, all committees received the following evaluation results:
Self-Evaluation Results of the Board of Directors for the Year 2025
Average Score Full Score
The Board of Directors as a Whole 3.90 4.00
Sub-Committees as a Whole
Audit Committee 4.00 4.00
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 4.00 4.00
Risk Management Committee 3.87 4.00
Executive Committee 3.92 4.00
Individual Directors
Audit Committee 4.00 4.00
Nomination and Remuneration Committee 4.00 4.00
Risk Management Committee 3.88 4.00
Executive Committee 3.93 4.00
The Board of Directors jointly analyzed the score results and formulated the Board Development Plan to
further enhance the capability in corporate governance for the following year.
147
Performance Evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
The Board of Directors mandates an annual performance evaluation of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) at
least once a year to review the management efficiency and utilize the evaluation results for considering appropriate
remuneration. The evaluation criteria and guidelines are based on the Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET),
encompassing the following key performance indicators:
○ Leadership
○ Strategy Formulation
○ Strategy Execution
○ Financial Planning and Performance
○ Relationship with the Board of Directors
○ External Relations
○ Management and Relationship with Personnel
○ Succession Planning
○ Knowledge of Products and Services
○ Personal Characteristics
Terms of Directorship
Type of Appointment Term
Name Positions in the Group
Director Date Duration
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong Independent ○ Chairman of the Board of September 15, 2 Years 3
Director Directors 2023 Months
○ Chairman of the Audit
Committee
○ Chairman of the
Corporate Governance
and Sustainability
Committee
○ Member of the
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Risk
Management Committee
2. Ms. Thanya Independent ○ Chairman of the September 15, 2 Years 3
Sripatanasakul Director Nomination and 2023 Months
Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Audit
Committee
○ Member of the Corporate
Governance and
Sustainability Committee
148
Type of Appointment Term
Name Positions in the Group
Director Date Duration
3. Ms. Naruechon Independent ○ Chairman of the Risk September 15, 2 Years 3
Dhumrongpiyawut Director Management Committee 2023 Months
○ Member of the Audit
Committee
○ Member of the
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Corporate
Governance and
Sustainability Committee
4. Mrs. Saliltip Director - September 15, 2 Years 3
Ruangsuttipap 2023 Months
5. Ms. Ariya Director - September 15, 2 Years 3
Tangmitrphracha 2023 Months
6. Mr. Maruay Director - September 15, 2 Years 3
Tangmitrphracha 2023 Months
7. Mr. Sutach Executive ○ Chairman of the September 15, 2 Years 3
Ruangsuttipap Director Executive Committee 2023 Months
○ Member of the Risk
Management Committee
○ Member of the
Nomination and
Remuneration
Committee
○ Member of the Corporate
Governance and
Sustainability Committee
8. Mr. Varut Executive ○ Member of the Risk September 15, 2 Years 3
Tientamnoon Director Management Committee 2023 Months
○ Member of the Executive
Committee
9. Mr. Thanan Executive ○ Member of the Executive September 15, 2 Years 3
Limsaiporm Director Committee 2023 Months
Remark: The term of d irectorship i s c alculated f rom t he date t he Group t ransformed i nto a public l imited company o n
September 15, 2023.
149
Holding of Directorship in Other Listed Companies
The Group has established a policy allowing directors to hold directorship positions in no m ore t han 5 other
listed companies to ensure that all directors can fully devote their time and perform their duties for the Group
efficiently. In this regard, directors must not operate a business, become a director, or become a partner in another
juristic person of the same nature and in c ompetition w ith t he business of t he Group, w hether for t heir o wn benefit or
the benefit of others, unless the shareholders' meeting has been clearly informed prior to the appointment
resolution, to maintain transparency and prevent potential conflicts of interest.
Name Position Number of Other Listed
Companies Holding Directorship
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong Independent Director 1
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Independent Director 0
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Independent Director 1
4. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap Director 1
5. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha Director 1
6. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha Director 1
7. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Executive Director 0
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Executive Director 0
9. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Executive Director 0
8.2 Supervision of Subsidiaries
During the past year, the Board of Directors has closely supervised and laid the foundation for the
management o f s ubsidiaries a nd associated companies. T his is t o e nsure a n efficient o perational mechanism a s i f t hey
were the same entity as the Group, and to maximize the benefits of the investments. The key summaries are as
follows:
1. Appointment of Representatives as Directors and Executives
The Group has considered, selected, and appointed representatives to hold the positions of directors and
executives in subsidiaries and associated companies in proportion to its shareholding, subject to the approval of t he
Board of Directors' meeting. This is to perform the duties of overseeing and formulating management policies in
alignment with the Group's business direction, as well as to monitor strict compliance with the securities and
exchange laws, regulations, and various criteria of regulatory agencies.
2. Control Measures for Entering into Significant Transactions and Information Disclosure
The B oard o f D irectors h as e stablished a mechanism r equiring s ubsidiaries t o s eek approval from t he Board o f
Directors' meeting or the shareholders' meeting (as the case may be) prior to entering into significant transactions,
such as the acquisition or disposition of assets, or c onnected transactions. Furthermore, subsidiaries a re o bligated t o
150
report their financial position, operational performance, and the conflicts of i nterest o f d irectors a nd executives. This
is to prevent conflicts of interest and ensure that information is disclosed to the Stock Exchange accurately a nd in a
timely manner.
3. Development of Internal Control and Risk Management Systems
The Group has overseen that subsidiaries and associated companies maintain adequate and appropriate
internal control systems, including effective anti-corruption measures. Representative directors are assigned to
regularly monitor and review key operational plans to ensure that subsidiaries possess a concise and efficient risk
management system for business operations. This will result in the stable and sustainable growth of the Group's
operations.
8.3 Monitoring Compliance with Policy and Corporate Governance
Principles
Information Disclosure and Transparency
In 2025, the Group strictly disclosed information in accordance with the criteria set forth by regulatory
agencies, with the following key operational details:
1. Financial Reports
1.1. Financial Statement Reporting
The Group submitted and disclosed the financial reports and the annual report within the
specified timeframe. Such financial statements received an unqualified opinion from the
auditor, and there is no record of being ordered to amend the financial statements by
regulatory agencies.
1.2. Management Discussion and Analysis (MD&A)
The Group prepares the Management Discussion and Analysis to accompany the financial
statements every quarter. This allows investors to understand the changes in the financial
position and operational performance more clearly than just the numbers in the financial
statements.
1.3. Auditor's Remuneration
The Group clearly discloses the audit fees and other related service fees in the annual
report.
2. Corporate Governance and the Role of the Board of Directors
2.1. Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
The Group discloses the Board of Directors' responsibility report towards the financial
reports alongside the auditor's report.
2.2. Performance of Duties by the Board of Directors
The Group discloses the roles and duties of the Board of Directors and sub-committees,
including the meeting attendance statistics of e ach director, opinions from t he performance
of duties, and continuous attendance in professional knowledge development training.
151
2.3. Remuneration Policy
The Group discloses the criteria and policy f or r emunerating directors a nd senior e xecutives,
which appropriately reflects their duties, responsibilities, and the forms of remuneration.
2.4. Securities Holding
The Group establishes a policy requiring directors and executives to report the trading of
securities in accordance with the SEC's criteria and transparently d isclose their s hareholding
information.
3. Communication and Information Dissemination Channels
3.1. Corporate Website
The Group d isseminates significant information i n b oth Thai and English t hrough t he Group's
website, such as vision, mission, financial information, list of major shareholders, investor
relations calendar, and news reported to the Stock Exchange, to enable users to access
up-to-date information equally.
3.2. Investor Relations
The Group assigns the Investor Relations Department as the principal unit for
communicating and providing information to shareholders, investors, analysts, and the
general public.
I Investor Relations
The Group places importance on investor relations operations, focusing on the accurate, complete,
transparent, and comprehensive d isclosure o f i nformation. T his is t o c ommunicate i nformational data and operational
performance to institutional investors, retail investors, debenture holders, securities analysts, as well as all
stakeholders equally. In addition, the Group consistently participates in the Opportunity Day events o rganized by the
Stock Exchange of Thailand to present in-depth information and foster a correct understanding of the business
direction among the general interested public.
Investor Relations Activities
In 2025, the Group primarily focused on communicating information via online channels and electronic
systems. This is to facilitate investors and all sectors of stakeholders in accessing information comprehensively and
equally. The Group adheres to the investor relations code of conduct, which requires the accurate, complete, and
timely disclosure of information in accordance with the principles o f g ood c orporate governance. K ey a ctivities i n t he
past year included the preparation of Press Releases on a quarterly basis, at least 4 times a year, as well as holding
meetings and briefings on operational performance. The details of the activities are as follows:
Investor Relations Activities Number (Times)
Opportunity Day 1
Analyst Meeting 1
Company Visit and Conference Call 4
152
I Equitable Treatment of Shareholders
The Group recognizes and places great importance on the protection of the fundamental rights of all
shareholders equitably in t heir c apacity a s o wners o f t he business, focusing o n f acilitating and promoting the exercise
of their rights without taking any actions that limit opportunities or create burdens for the shareholders. In this
regard, the Group has established an Investor Relations d epartment and the Group's website as t he primary channels
for communicating and disseminating information, essential documents, including information on the exercise of
shareholders' rights, to enable sufficient, timely, and convenient a ccess t o n ecessary i nformation f or d ecision-making
through easily accessible channels.
Regarding fundamental rights and access to information, all shareholders shall equitably receive rights,
comprising the right to purchase, sell, or transfer shares, the right to receive a share of profits or dividends in
proportion to their s hareholding, a s w ell as t he right to m ake decisions o n s ignificant matters a ffecting t he Group a nd
themselves through voting. This includes voting for the election or removal of directors, and approving the
appointment of the auditor. The Group has a duty to oversee and fully promote the exercise of these rights, while
taking precautions to prevent any actions that violate or deprive the shareholders of their rights, i n o rder to p rotect
the utmost benefits of all business owners.
Regarding the promotion of attendance at shareholders' meetings, the Group encourages shareholders and
institutional investors to fully exercise their rights to attend meetings and cast votes. The Group will notify them of
the rules, meeting attendance procedures, and voting processes in advance, along with delivering sufficient
information for each agenda item to provide an appropriate amount o f t ime f or s tudying the information p rior to t he
meeting date. Furthermore, facilitation is provided for registration, the preparation of proxy forms in a format that
allows voting direction to be specified as a n alternative, a nd the nomination of a t l east one i ndependent d irector a s a
proxy. The Group also promotes shareholders to openly express their opinions and ask questions to the Board of
Directors during the meeting, under measures to p revent the misuse o f i nsider information f or improper b enefits, a nd
provides channels for shareholders to report issues affecting their rights directly to the Board of Directors in
accordance with the principles of good corporate governance.
I Supervision of Compliance with the Business Code of Conduct
The Group has established a Business Code of Conduct manual to serve as a guideline for directors,
executives, and employees to adhere to in conducting business transparently and ethically, overseen b y the Board o f
Directors a nd reviewed annually. I n addition, the management e ncourages employees t o s trictly c omply w ith t he Code
of Conduct and avoid a ctions c ontrary to t he law o r g ood c orporate governance p rinciples. I n the event o f m isconduct
or actions contrary to the law and the Business Code of Conduct, the Group has provided a whistleblowing c hannel,
through which actions will be taken in accordance with the established whistleblowing procedures a nd investigation
processes. Offenders will be subject to disciplinary action in accordance with the Group's regulations.
I Anti-Corruption
The Group recognizes the importance of anti-corruption and is committed to conducting business with
integrity under the framework of good corporate governance. A dhering to g ood c orporate governance p rinciples, t he
Group aims to conduct business ethically, transparently, fairly, and verifiably, while strictly complying with rules,
regulations, and laws to ensure that the personnel of the Group d o not tolerate c orruption. T herefore, t he Group h as
established a written anti-corruption policy to prevent corruption in all business activities both domestically and
internationally. This ensures that any business decisions and actions that may carry corruption risks are reviewed,
passed through consideration, and carefully comply with this policy, serving as a clear operational guideline for
153
conducting business and developing into a sustainable organization. Furthermore, the Group became a member of
the "Thailand’s Private Sector Collective Action Coalition Against Corruption" (CAC) in February 2023.
I Monitoring of Whistleblowing and Complaints
The Group has a policy to protect and provide fairness to complainants or whistleblowers who report
information or provide clues concerning corruption, or non-compliance with the laws, rules, and regulations of the
Group, guidelines, policies, and the Group's Business Code of Conduct. The Group has therefore determined the
procedures, complaint channels, and measures to protect the complainants or whistleblowers under the
Whistleblower Policy, whereby whistleblowing can be reported via email, postal mail, and the website.
I Prevention of Conflicts of Interest
The Group places importance on the prevention of conflicts of interest by adhering to t he principle t hat any
related persons or those with any interest, whether directly or indirectly, in various transactions of the Group must
not participate in the approval consideration of such transactions. This is to ensure that decision-making in the
business activities of the Group is for the utmost benefit of the Group and the Group's shareholders. The Group h as
therefore established a policy to prevent conflicts of i nterest f or d irectors, executives, and personnel to avoid a ctions
that may cause conflicts of interest, and requires such persons t o i nform t he Group o f t heir r elationships or interests
in such transactions, and they must not participate i n d ecision-making, i ncluding having n o a uthority t o a pprove such
transactions.
I Prevention of the Use of Insider Information for Seeking Benefits
The group strongly emphasizes the prevention of insider trading to protect investors' rights and ensure
compliance with relevant securities laws. To achieve this, The group has e stablished a policy a nd practical g uidelines
regarding the prevention of insider trading, which have been clearly communicated to all relevant parties—namely,
directors, executives, and employees—for their strict acknowledgment and compliance. The group requires its
directors and executives to report their securities holdings and any changes therein, including those o f t heir r elated
parties, to the SEC and simultaneously submit a copy to The group. Furthermore, The group strictly prohibits
directors, executives, employees, former personnel, and anyone possessing undisclosed material information from
using or disclosing such insider information f or s ecurities trading o r personal g ain. T he g roup also e nforces a blackout
period, restricting directors, executives, and employees who have access to financial or insider information from
trading The group's securities for 30 days prior to the public release of the information, and until 24 hours have
elapsed after the complete public disclosure. All personnel must maintain the confidentiality of The group and its
business partners, exercise caution when storing and destroying documents, and implement i nternal controls t o l imit
data access only to authorized individuals.The Company Secretary is responsible for communicating the Blackout
Period to all directors, executives, and employees, as well as monitoring information and submitting the reports on
changes in securities and derivatives holdings of the executives to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Any violation of this policy will result in disciplinary actions ranging from a verbal warning to termination of
employment, depending on the severity and intent of the offense. The group regularly reviews and evaluates the
adequacy of this policy on an annual basis.
In 2025, the Company did not find any cases of directors, executives, and employees trading securities, nor
did it receive any whistleblowing reports or complaints regarding the use of inside information or trading d uring t he
Blackout Period.
154
I Personal Data Protection
The Group emphasizes the protection of personal data in accordance with the Personal Data P rotection Act
2019 by establishing stringent internal control measures for the collection, use, a nd disclosure o f d ata of c ustomers,
employees, business partners, and related parties securely. In this regard, the Group strictly complies with the
regulations of the Office of the Personal Data Protection Commission (PDPC) and related agencies, while also
determining internal policies and guidelines to enhance the efficiency of data security.
I Anti-Money Laundering
The Group requires supervision of operations to strictly comply with the Anti-Money Laundering and
Combating the Financing of Terrorism and Proliferation of Weapons o f M ass Destruction (AML/CTPF) laws. It focuses
on reinforcing knowledge for employees through continuous training. Additionally, an independent internal audit
m echanism is arranged to evaluate the transparency and efficiency of o perations a t l east once a year, or i n t he event
of significant changes in the law.
I Tax Management
During the year 2025, the Board of Directors supervised tax management to comply with good corporate
governance and transparency, adhering to legal tax practices in every tax jurisdiction where the Group conducts
business. The Board considered and approved a tax policy focusing on the complete and timely payment of taxes,
while overseeing the systematic assessment and management of tax risks to prevent impacts on the Group's
reputation and financial p osition. F urthermore, the Group f ocuses on a ppropriately u tilizing tax p rivileges specified b y
the state in accordance with the intent of the l aw, t o p romote c ompetitiveness and create maximum v alue a dded f or
stakeholders. Significant tax information is c learly d isclosed in t he financial r eports t o r eflect s ocial responsibility and
participation in sustainable economic development.
Tax Management Performance
Unit: Million Baht
2023 2024 2025
Total Revenue 2,430.75 3,033.21 3,094.69
Profit Before Tax 155.69 160.53 616.13
Tax Paid (24.02) (18.97) (113.01)
I Procurement
The Board of Directors oversees that the procurement process is strictly carried out in accordance with the
operation manual, emphasizing fairness, transparency, and verifiability under the decision-making principle that
considers the reasonableness of price, quality, and service standards as paramount. Furthermore, measures are
established to prevent conflicts of interest by prohibiting related persons from using their positions or insider
information to seek personal benefits. In addition, the Group adheres to the anti-corruption policy in all forms by
prohibiting the giving or receiving of bribes and collusion in bidding, in order to m aintain fairness i n t he competitive
process and uphold sustainable business ethics.
155
8.4 Legal Disputes of Directors, Executives, and Employees in 2025
As of December 31, 2025, the directors, executives, and employees o f t he Group a nd its subsidiaries h ave n o
legal disputes that may have a negative impact on the assets of the Group or i ts subsidiaries e xceeding 5 percent o f
the shareholders' equity. Furthermore, there are no other legal disputes that significantly affect the business
operations of the Group but cannot be assessed in monetary terms, including no lawsuits t hat do not arise from t he
ordinary course of business of the Group.
8.5 Report of the Board of Directors' Responsibilities for the
Financial Reports
The Board of Directors of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited realizes its duties and responsibilities as
directors of a listed company in overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group and its
subsidiaries, including the financial i nformation a ppearing i n t his 2025 A nnual R eport. Such fi nancial s tatements h ave
been prepared in accordance with generally accepted financial reporting standards, applying appropriate accounting
policies that are consistently practiced. Careful and reasonable discretion has been exercised in the preparation of
the financial statements to reflect the true and materially accurate financial position, operating results, and cash
flows. Furthermore, significant information is adequately disclosed in the notes to the financial statements to be
transparently beneficial to shareholders and general investors.
In addition, the Board of Directors has established an effective r isk m anagement s ystem a nd internal control
system to r easonably ensure t hat accounting r ecords a re a ccurate, complete, a nd sufficient to s afeguard t he assets of
the Group, and to prevent material f raud or a bnormal operations. In this regard, t he Board o f D irectors h as a ppointed
the Audit Committee, entirely comprising independent directors, to perform the duty of reviewing the quality of t he
financial reports and the adequacy of the internal control system. The o pinion of t he Audit Committee r egarding this
matter has been presented in the Report of the Audit Committee, which appears in this Annual Report.
The Board of Directors is of the opinion that the internal control system and internal audit o f t he Group a re
overall at an adequate level and can r easonably p rovide c onfidence that the financial s tatements o f t he Group a nd its
subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2025, present the financial position, operating results, and cash flows
accurately and fairly in all material respects in accordance with the relevant financial reporting standards.
Mr. Ek Burapavong
Chairman of the Board
156
8.6 Summary of Performance of Sub-committees
Report of the Audit Committee
Attendance Physical Online Hybrid
Name Position Total
Proportion Meeting Meeting Meeting
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong Chairman 100% 4/4 4/4 0/0 0/0
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Director 75% 3/4 3/4 0/0 0/0
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Director 100% 4/4 4/4 0/0 0/0
In 2025, the Audit Committee held a total of 4 meetings. The overall attendance of the members accounted
for 91.67%. Ms. Kesorn Jaidee served as the Secretary to the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee has prioritized good corporate governance, risk management, adequate internal
control, and compliance with regulations. Furthermore, the Committee emphasized internal auditing and promoted
management b ased o n t he Three Lines Model. I t supported the implementation o f i nformation t echnology systems to
enhance operational efficiency and oversight, prevent non-compliance with laws or the Group's regulations, and
mitigate fraud opportunities at all levels of the Three Lines of Defense. The summary of the Audit Committee's
performance is as follows:
1. The Audit Committee reviewed the quarterly and annual consolidated financial statements of
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited and its subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2025, in conjunction with the management and the external auditors. These statements were
prepared in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting Standards (TFRS). The Audit Committee
regularly consulted with the auditors regarding the accuracy and completeness of financial reports
and disclosures, significant accounting adjustments, accounting estimates, the appropriateness of
accounting policies, and observations from the auditors' audit and review of financial statements.
This ensures that financial r eports are prepared according to standards, with adequate, complete,
timely, and reliable disclosures beneficial to users.
Additionally, the Audit Committee met with the external auditors without the presence of
management to discuss the audit scope, approach, and plan, as well as the independence of their
duties and the risk of irregular transactions encountered during the audit. In 2025, the auditors
reported no significant observations or suspicious circumstances indicating potential fraud.
2. T he Audit Committee has reviewed and provided opinions on connected transactions and
transactions that may involve a conflict of i nterest p rior to p roposing t hem to t he Board o f D irectors
as required, to ensure that such transactions are in accordance with normal business conditions,
transparent, reasonable, and protective of the interests of the Group a nd its shareholders, including
adequate information disclosure. In 2025, the Audit Committee reviewed and provided opinions on
connected transactions or transactions that may involve a conflict of interest as required, and the
information regarding connected transactions has been disclosed in the notes to the financial
statements.
157
3. The Audit Committee has reviewed the appropriateness and efficiency of the Group's risk
management process, including the Group's risk management policy on an annual basis, to assure
that the Group's risk management is appropriate, efficient, and that potential risks are within an
acceptable level. This includes having effective risk management g uidelines a nd measures s ufficient
for potential risks arising from operations both at present and in the future. The Audit Committee
and management discussed both internal and external risk factors and prioritized credit risk, the
adequacy of reserves, the credit approval process, and the monitoring of debt quality.
4. The Audit Committee has reviewed the adequacy assessment report of the internal control system
for 2025 in accordance with the framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) to ensure that the internal control system of the Group is adequate
and appropriate, placing importance on compliance with laws, as well as relevant regulations and
management in accordance with the Three Lines Model.
Furthermore, in 2025, the Audit Committee oversaw the internal audit function, including the
approval and review of the internal audit charter, the annual audit plan, as well as tracking the
performance against the plan and the audit results on a quarterly basis. This also included
monitoring the rectification of significant issues raised by the auditor and other relevant regulatory
agencies. To enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of audit operations, the Audit Committee
considered and opined that the overall internal c ontrol system of the Group is adequate and
appropriate.
5. The Audit Committee has reviewed compliance w ith v arious laws and regulations, including the rules
and requirements of various government agencies, such as the Bank of Thailand, the Anti-Money
Laundering Office, and the Securities and Exchange Commission, by consistently considering the
results of regulatory compliance supervision, the audit results from regulatory bodies, and the
auditor, to ensure that the Group has strictly complied with t he laws, rules, regulations, and policies
relevant to the operations of the Group.
6. The Audit Committee is responsible for considering and proposing the appointment of the auditor
and the audit fee on an annual basis, proposing the appointment of Miss Sakuna Yamsakul and/or
Mr. Paiboon Tunkoon a nd/or Miss Viphasiri Vimanrat of PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd. as the
auditor of the Group for the year 2025, as well as considering the audit fee, which was proposed to
the Board of Directors for consideration and request for approval at the 2025 Annual General
Meeting of Shareholders. In proposing the appointment of the auditor, the Audit Committee
considered their knowledge, capability, audit experience, independence in accordance with t he code
of ethics for professional accountants, and the quality of audit work in the past accounting year,
including an appropriate audit fee and the consideration of using other services from the auditor.
7. In 2025, the Audit Committee c onducted an evaluation o f i ts performance, concluding that the Audit
Committee has completely and efficiently performed the duties assigned by the Board of Directors.
This encompasses reviewing the reliability of fi nancial r eports, assessing the internal control system,
and overseeing regulatory compliance. All operations were conducted in accordance with t he scope
of duties and responsibilities specified in the Audit Committee Charter.
158
Report of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
Attendance Physical Online Hybrid
Name Position Total
Proportion Meeting Meeting Meeting
1. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul Chairman 100% 1/1 1/1 0/0 0/0
2. Mr. Ek Burapavong Director 100% 1/1 1/1 0/0 0/0
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Director 100% 1/1 1/1 0/0 0/0
4. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Director 100% 1/1 1/1 0/0 0/0
In 2025, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting. The meeting attendance proportion
of the directors accounted for 100 percent, with Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee serving as the Secretary to the Nomination
and Remuneration Committee.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has continuously reported the meeting results along with
opinions and recommendations to the Board of Directors of the Group for consideration, the essence of which can be
summarized as follows:
1. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has carefully considered, screened, and nominated
suitable persons to hold the position of director of the Group, replacing the directors who were d ue
to retire by rotation at t he 2025 A nnual G eneral M eeting o f S hareholders, b y taking i nto a ccount the
composition of the Board of Directors, past performance, as well as beneficial knowledge,
capabilities, and experience. The consideration results revealed that all directors r etiring by rotation
are qualified individuals possessing complete q ualifications a nd exceptional suitability. Furthermore,
they possess the vision and potential t hat align w ith t he driving d irections and business strategies o f
the Group, b oth a t p resent a nd in t he future. The N omination Committee m eeting therefore r esolved
to approve proposing the names of such persons to be re-elected as d irectors f or a nother term. T he
opinions and supporting reasons were presented to the Board of D irectors' meeting of t he Group f or
approval consideration before further proposing them to the shareholders' meeting.
2. The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has considered and screened the annual
remuneration for the directors and various sub-committee directors. The consideration criteria take
into account the appropriateness of the assigned duties and responsibilities, ensuring the
remuneration is at a level sufficient to attract, retain, and motivate. It also aligns with the
operational results of the Group by comparing them against the goals of the Group, economic
realities, and the remuneration rates of companies in similar industries. The process features clear,
transparent, and verifiable procedures, and is consistent with g ood c orporate governance p rinciples,
to be proposed to the Board of Directors of the Group for endorsement consideration prior to
proposing it to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders for approval.
3. Performance evaluation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The results of the
performance evaluation for the year 2025 concluded that the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee has performed its duties efficiently and in accordance with the scope o f d uties s pecified
in the Charter.
159
4. In 2025, the Nomination and Remuneration C ommittee r eviewed the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee Charter to ensure it remains current and in compliance with various regulations. Upon
consideration, it was deemed appropriate to r etain the original c ontent w ithout a ny a mendments, a s
the current version of the Charter is already complete and appropriate.
Report of the Risk Management Committee
Attendance Physical Online Hybrid
Name Position Total
Proportion Meeting Meeting Meeting
1. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut Chairman 100% 2/2 1/1 0/0 1/1
2. Mr. Ek Burapavong Director 100% 2/2 1/1 0/0 1/1
3. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Director 100% 2/2 1/1 0/0 1/1
4. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Director 100% 2/2 1/1 0/0 1/1
5. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul Director 100% 2/2 1/1 0/0 1/1
In 2025, the Risk Management Committee held 2 meetings. The meeting attendance proportion of the
directors accounted for 100 percent, with Mr. Kasom Chuen-Ubon serving as the Secretary to the Risk Management
Committee.
In 2025, there were a total of 2 Risk Management Committee meetings to consider, provide opinions, give
recommendations, and acknowledge various agendas as follows:
1. Considered and reviewed the content and appropriateness of the Risk Management Policy, the Risk
Management Framework, including the Risk Appetite, to align with the changing business
environment, corporate strategy, and risk situations. Furthermore, recommendations were provided
to improve the risk management process to ensure clarity and effective implementation, i n o rder to
create flexibility and appropriateness for the operations of the Group.
2. Monitored, provided opinions, and gave recommendations on enterprise risk management on a
regular basis to ensure that there are appropriate and timely measures to handle potential risks,
including covering emerging risks that may occur in the future. This was achieved b y monitoring r isk
trends through the Leading Key Risk Indicator for surveillance and early warning, and the Lagging
Key Risk Indicator to measure the effectiveness of risk management, as well as providing
recommendations to the management regarding the review of risk management measures to align
with the situation.
3. Considered the improvement of risk assessment c riteria, b oth i n terms o f L ikelihood a ssessment a nd
Impact assessment, to ensure that the determination of t he Risk Level is a ppropriate and consistent
with the business context. Such improvements enable the Group to reflect the true severity level of
risks, identify significant risks that require prioritization, and monitor management results effectively.
4. Considered and reviewed the Risk Management Committee Charter. In 2025, there were no
amendments or revisions, as the current version of the Charter is complete and appropriate.
160
Report of the Executive Committee
Attendance Physical Online Hybrid
Name Position Total
Proportion Meeting Meeting Meeting
1. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Chairman 100% 6/6 6/6 0/0 0/0
2. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon Director 100% 6/6 6/6 0/0 0/0
3. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Director 100% 6/6 6/6 0/0 0/0
4. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul Director 100% 6/6 6/6 0/0 0/0
5. Ms. Kanokporn Cheewaviriyanon Director 100% 6/6 6/6 0/0 0/0
6. Mr. Ekasit Lertkarnrujee Director 100% 6/6 6/6 0/0 0/0
In 2025, the Executive Committee held 6 meetings. The meeting attendance proportion of the directors
accounted for 100 percent, with Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee serving as the Secretary to the Executive Committee.
The Executive Committee held meetings to consider various significant matters of the Group, consistently
reporting the meeting results, along with problem-solving guidelines and recommendations, to the Board of Directors
for consideration, which can be summarized as follows:
1. Presented the annual targets, business strategies, and operational methods to the Board of
Directors, as well as took responsibility for m anaging t he Company's business in a ccordance with t he
established policies and targets by monitoring the overall operations of the Company.
2. Considered and approved business operations and any transactions related to the normal business
operations of the Company, under the approval authority determined by the Board of Directors.
3. Regarding the self-assessment of the Executive Committee, the performance evaluation for 2025
concluded that the Executive Committee performed its duties e fficiently and in a ccordance with t he
scope of responsibilities specified in the Charter. The Executive Committee intends to utilize the
assessment results as a guideline to further improve its performance of duties.
4. Considered the annual budget, i nvestments, and branch e xpansion to a lign w ith t he strategies of t he
Group.
5. Regarding the self-assessment of the Executive Committee, the performance evaluation for 2025
concluded that the Executive Committee performed its duties e fficiently and in a ccordance with t he
scope of responsibilities specified in the Charter. The Executive Committee intends to utilize the
assessment results as a guideline to further improve its performance of duties.
6. Reviewed the Executive Committee Charter. In 2025, there were n o r evisions o r a mendments, a s t he
current version of the Charter is deemed comprehensive and appropriate.
161

Internal Control and Related Party Transactions
9.1 Internal Control Policy
1. Board of Directors' Opinion on the Internal Control System
The Company places great importance on the internal control system. The B oard o f D irectors h as a ppointed
the Audit Committee a s a n independent u nit to s upport a nd act o n b ehalf o f t he Board o f D irectors. T his is c onsidered
a crucial tool for good corporate governance to ensure that the Company and its subsidiaries have an adequate,
appropriate, and effective internal control system. This system efficiently oversees operations to achieve goals,
objectives, and comply with relevant laws, regulations, and requirements. It helps prevent and manage risks or
potential damages that may occur to t he Company a nd its stakeholders. It safeguards a ssets from f raud and damage,
and ensures continuous quality improvement in control processes and activities. In addition, it ensures the
preparation of accurate and reliable accounting and financial reports, as well as the complete and adequate
disclosure of information in a timely manner.
The Board of Directors' meeting, attended by independent directors and the Audit Committee,
assessed the adequacy of the Company's internal control system using the SEC's Internal Control System Adequacy
Assessment Form prepared by the Company. The assessment involved inquiring about information from the
management and relevant departments of the Company for a comparative evaluation against internal control
guidelines under the COSO (The Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission) framework,
which comprises:
(1) Organization Control Environment
(2) Risk Management
(3) Management Control Activities
(4) Information and Communication
(5) Monitoring Activities
The Board of Directors i s o f t he opinion that in 2 025, t he Company p ossessed an internal control system t hat
was adequate and appropriate for the size of its business. The system is capable of protecting the Company's assets
from loss or unauthorized use and ensures that the Company's financial reports are accurate and reliable.
Head of Internal Audit
The C ompany h as a ssigned Ms. K esorn Jaidee to t he position o f I nternal A udit Executive a nd Head o f I nternal
Audit, considering her highly appropriate qualifications, experience, and expertise. This enables the e ffective and
independent supervision and control of internal audit operations.
From past monitoring and auditing of the internal control system, no significant deficiencies that might
affect the efficiency o f t he Company's operations h ave b een f ound. F urthermore, regarding the internal control of t he
accounting and financial cycles, the certified public accountant has assessed the effectiveness of the system and
expressed the opinion that no issues or observations with a material impact on the accuracy and reliability of the
opinion expressed in the financial statements were found for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025.
163
2. Policy on Related Party Transactions
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited places the utmost importance on conducting business under the
framework of ethics and transparency. The Board of Directors approved the Policy on Related Party Transactions at
Meeting No. 6/2023 on August 30, 2023, and has continuously reviewed and assessed the adequacy of t he policy o n
an annual basis. Most recently, the Board of Directors reviewed the policy at Meeting No. 2 /2025 on M ay 7, 2025, t o
elevate the governance mechanism in compliance with the Securities and Exchange Act B.E. 2535 (including
amendments) and notifications of the Capital Market Supervisory Board, as well as relevant regulatory bodies. The
essence of the policy focuses primarily on safeguarding the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a
whole.
In considering the reasonableness of a transaction, the Company adheres to the principles of equality and
Fair Price under an Arm’s Length Basis, identical to entering into a transaction w ith a reasonable p erson in t he same
situation. For normal business transactions or transactions supporting normal business with general trading
conditions, the Board of Directors has approved in principle that the management can approve such transactions
within the prescribed framework to ensure operational agility. However, to establish Checks and Balances, the
management is obligated to prepare a summary report o f s uch transactions f or p resentation t o t he Audit Committee
and the Board of Directors on a quarterly basis to review the reasonableness and fully disclose information in
accordance with the regulations of the Stock Exchange of Thailand.
For transactions that do not involve general trading conditions or significant transactions according to the
transaction size criteria prescribed by law, the Company requires them to pass through a screening process by the
Audit Committee prior to proposing them for approval from the Board of Directors or the shareholders' meeting,
respectively. In the event that the Audit Committee lacks the expertise to consider potential related party
transactions, the Company will appoint independent experts or the Company's auditor to provide an opinion. This
information w ill be used b y the Audit Committee, the Board o f D irectors, a nd/or t he shareholders (as t he case may b e)
for prudent decision-making. Individuals who may have conflicts of interest or vested interests in such transactions
will not have the right to attend the meeting, express their opinions, or vote. T his is t o e nsure t hat entering into t he
transaction is necessary, reasonable, and primarily in the best interests of the Company.
Furthermore, the Company has integrated the conflict of interest prevention policy as part of its corporate
culture. This encompasses the prohibition of business competition and ensuring that the internal control system is
sufficiently effective to prevent corruption. The Internal Audit Department will randomly review a ctual o perations t o
ensure strict adherence to the policy, confirming that every business decision of the Company is made prudently,
honestly, reasonably, and independently under a good ethical framework.
164
9.2 Related Party Transactions
1. Persons Who May Have a Conflict of Interest
Persons Who May Have a Conflict of Nature of Business Nature of Relationship
Interest
1. Dohome Holding Co., Ltd Holding company that does not - (1) Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha, a major
primarily invest in financial shareholder of the group, and (2) Mrs.
businesses
Nattaya Tangmitrphracha, a major
shareholder of the group, each holds a
35.0 percent share in Dohome Holding
Co., Ltd, and each serves as a director of
Dohome Holding Co., Ltd
- (1) Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, (2) Ms.
Ariya Tangmitrphracha, and (3) Mr.
Maruay Tangmitrphracha, directors of
the group, each holds a 10.0 percent
share in Dohome Holding Co., Ltd
2. Dohome PCL Retail sale of various construction - (1) Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha, a major
materials, including DIY materials, shareholder of the group, and (2) Mrs.
equipment, and tools
Nattaya Tangmitrphracha, a major
shareholder of the group, hold 23.0
percent and 20.2 percent shares in
Dohome PCL, respectively, and each
serves as a director of Dohome PCL
- (1) Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, (2) Ms.
Ariya Tangmitrphracha, and (3) Mr.
Maruay Tangmitrphracha, directors of
the group, hold 8.3 percent, 9.0 percent,
and 9.0 percent shares in Dohome PCL,
respectively, and each serves as a
director of Dohome PCL
3. Amplus Holdings Ltd. Holding company that does not - (1) Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha, a major
primarily invest in financial shareholder of the group, and (2) Mrs.
businesses
Nattaya Tangmitrphracha, a major
shareholder of the group, hold 35.0
percent and 35.0 percent shares in
Amplus Holdings Ltd., respectively.
- (1) Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, (2) Ms.
Ariya Tangmitrphracha, and (3) Mr.
Maruay Tangmitrphracha, directors of
the group, each holds a 10.0 percent
share in Amplus Holdings Ltd., and Ms.
Ariya Tangmitrphracha serves as a
director of Amplus Holdings Ltd.
4. AN Capital Co., Ltd. Buying and selling of own - Mrs. Nattaya Tangmitrphracha, a major
non-residential real estate shareholder of the group, holds a 96.7
percent share in AN Capital Co., Ltd. and
165
Persons Who May Have a Conflict of Nature of Business Nature of Relationship
Interest
serves as a director of AN Capital Co.,
Ltd.
- (1) Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha, a major
shareholder of the group, (2) Mrs.
Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, a director of the
group, (3) Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha, a
director of the group, and (4) Mr. Maruay
Tangmitrphracha, a director of the
group, serves as a director of AN Capital
Co., Ltd.
5. Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd Pawnshop services - Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap, a director, an
executive, and a major shareholder of
the group, holds a 46.3 percent share in
Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd and serves as a
director of Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd
- Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, a director of
the group, holds a 46.3 percent share in
Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd and serves as a
director of Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd
6. Thuntarin Co., Ltd Retail sale of household electrical - Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap, a director, an
appliances executive, and a major shareholder of
the group, holds a 50.0 percent share in
Thuntarin Co., Ltd and serves as a
director of Thuntarin Co., Ltd
- Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, a director of
the group, holds a 50.0 percent share in
Thuntarin Co., Ltd and serves as a
director of Thuntarin Co., Ltd
7. Dohome academy Co., Ltd. Training services - Dohome PCL holds a 99.95 percent
share in Dohome academy Co., Ltd.
- (1) Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha, a major
shareholder of the group, and (2) Mrs.
Nattaya Tangmitrphracha, a major
shareholder of the group, serve as
directors of Dohome academy Co., Ltd.
- (1) Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap, (2) Ms.
Ariya Tangmitrphracha, and (3) Mr.
Maruay Tangmitrphracha, directors and
major shareholders of the group, serve
as directors of Dohome academy Co.,
Ltd.
8. Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha - - A major shareholder of the group,
holding a combined direct and indirect
shareholding of 18.4 percent in the
group.
9. Mrs. Nattaya Tangmitrphracha - - A major shareholder of the group,
holding a combined direct and indirect
166
Persons Who May Have a Conflict of Nature of Business Nature of Relationship
Interest
shareholding of 18.4 percent in the
group.
10. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap - - Serves as a director and an executive of
the group.
- A major shareholder of the group,
holding a 13.5 percent share in the
group.
11. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap - - Serves as a director of the group,
holding a 13.0 percent share in the
group.
12. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha - - Serves as a director of the group,
holding a 13.0 percent share in the
group.
13. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha - - Serves as a director of the group,
holding a 13.0 percent share in the
group.
14. Mr. Ek Burapavong - - Serves as a director of the group.
15. Mrs. Soamsiri Burapavong - - Spouse of Mr. Ek Burapavong.
16. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon - - Serves as a director and an executive of
the group.
17. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm - - Serves as a director and an executive of
the group.
18. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul - - Serves as an executive of the group.
19. Ms. Piyanee Tientamnoon - - Sibling of Mr. Varut Tientamnoon, a
director and an executive of the group.
20. Mr. Thanes Tientamnoon - - Sibling of Mr. Varut Tientamnoon, a
director and an executive of the group.
21. Ms. Duangkamol Saisee - - Spouse of Mr. Varut Tientamnoon, a
director and an executive of the group.
167
\
2. Related Party Transactions
The related party transactions of the Company and its subsidiaries with persons who may have a conflict of interest for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2023,
2024 and 2025 can be summarized as follows:
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
1. Dohome Holding Co., Ltd 1.1 Loans 790.00 790.00 790.00 The group borrowed short-term loans This transaction is a receipt of
- Short-term loans, beginning balance from Dohome Holding Co., Ltd, financial assistance, which is
payable upon demand. The interest beneficial to the group's business
Additional borrowing during the 200.00 - -
rate does not exceed the group's operations. Furthermore, the interest
period
average borrowing cost from financial rate does not cause the group to lose
Repayment during the period -200.00 - - institutions. Therefore, this interest any benefits. Therefore, the Audit
rate does not cause the group to lose Committee considered and viewed
Ending balance 790.00 790.00 790.00
any benefits. that this transaction is necessary and
- Finance costs 4.17 3.96 3.95 reasonable, and is beneficial to the
group's business operations.
- Accrued interest payable - - -
1.2 Credit facility guarantee Dohome Holding Co., Ltd guaranteed This transaction is a receipt of
- Guarantee amount 7,200.00 7,700.00 7,700.00 the group's borrowings with financial financial assistance, which is
- Finance costs 5.94 7.58 7.70 institutions through (1) assets of beneficial to the group's business
- Other payables - - - Dohome Holding Co., Ltd and (2) operations. Furthermore, the fee rate
corporate guarantees, with a does not cause the group to lose any
guarantee fee rate of 0.1 percent per benefits. Therefore, the Audit
annum, which does not cause the Committee considered and viewed
group to lose any benefits. that this transaction is necessary and
reasonable, and is beneficial to the
group's business operations.However,
the group is in the process of
requesting consent from financial
institutions to release (1) asset
guarantees and (2) corporate
guarantees. The financial institutions
will consent to release the corporate
168
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
guarantee obligations once the group
is listed on the Stock Exchange of
Thailand. For asset guarantees, the
financial institutions will consider
releasing the guarantees to the
group after the group is listed on the
Stock Exchange of Thailand.
2. Dohome PCL 2.1 Purchase of office equipment The group purchased office This transaction supports normal
- Purchase of office equipment 40.90 2.90 0.12 equipment such as document desks, business operations, with prices and
- Administrative expenses 0.40 0.18 0.10 chairs, filing cabinets, and air commercial terms equivalent to
- Other payables 0.45 0.03 0.02 conditioners from Dohome PCL for transactions with third parties.
use in the group's branch offices. The Therefore, the Audit Committee
prices and commercial terms are considered and viewed that this
comparable to the market rates and transaction is necessary and
terms offered in transactions with reasonable, and is beneficial to the
third parties. group's business operations.
2.2 Purchase of electrical appliances Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd. This transaction is a normal business
- Purchase of electrical appliances 4.77 7.90 - purchased goods from Dohome PCL, transaction from which the group
- Other payables 2.83 0.01 0.02 such as washing machines, benefits in operating its cash and
televisions, and refrigerators, to be installment sales business. Therefore,
used in the cash and installment the Audit Committee considered and
sales business. The purchased goods viewed that this transaction is
are based on customer orders. If necessary and reasonable, and is
customers choose to pay in beneficial to the group's business
installments, the group will earn operations.
interest income from providing credit.
If customers choose to pay in cash,
the group will add a profit margin to
the purchase price from Dohome
PCL.
2.3 Building rental and service fees The group leased and utilized the This transaction supports normal
(Branch offices) branch spaces of Dohome PCL to business operations, with rental rates
169
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
- Administrative expenses 0.23 0.24 0.03 serve as branch offices for the group's and terms equivalent to transactions
- Rental deposit 0.24 0.24 0.16 business operations. The lease with third parties. Therefore, the Audit
- Right-of-use assets 1.92 0.08 2.67
agreements have a term of 3 years, Committee considered and viewed
- Lease liabilities 1.89 0.08 2.74
with rental rates and terms that this transaction is necessary and
- Finance costs 0.10 0.03 0.14
comparable to market rates and reasonable, and is beneficial to the
terms.As of June 30, 2025, the group group's business operations.
leased and utilized spaces in a total
of 10 branches.
2.4 Meeting room, food, and beverage The group provided meeting rooms, This transaction supports normal
services food, and beverages to Dohome PCL, business operations, with service rates
- Other income - 0.01 0.01
with service rates and terms and terms comparable to market
comparable to market service rates service rates and terms. Therefore, the
and terms. Audit Committee considered and
viewed that this transaction is
reasonable and is beneficial to the
group's business operations.
2.5 Provision of public relations The group hired public relations This transaction supports normal
services for loan application interest services for loan application interest business operations, with service rates
channels across various media
notification channels across various and terms comparable to market
- Other expenses - - 0.01
media, with service rates and terms service rates and terms. Therefore, the
comparable to market service rates Audit Committee considered and
and terms. viewed that this transaction is
reasonable and is beneficial to the
group's business operations.
3. Amplus Holdings Ltd. 3.1 Loans The group borrowed short-term loans This transaction is a receipt of
- Short-term loans, beginning balance 1,158.45 1,158.45 1,158.45 from Amplus Holding Limited, financial assistance, which is beneficial
Additional borrowing during the - - - payable upon demand. The interest to the group's business operations.
period rate does not exceed the group's Furthermore, the interest rate does
170
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
Repayment during the period - - - average borrowing cost from financial not cause the group to lose any
institutions. Therefore, this interest benefits. Therefore, the Audit
Ending balance 1,158.45 1,158.45 1,158.45
rate does not cause the group to lose Committee considered and viewed
- Finance costs 5.79 5.81 5.80
any benefits. that this transaction is necessary and
- Accrued interest payable - - - reasonable, and is beneficial to the
group's business operations.
4. AN Capital Co., Ltd. 4.1 Credit facility guarantee AN Capital Co., Ltd. guaranteed the This transaction is a receipt of
- Guarantee amount 26.50 26.50 26.50 group's borrowings with financial financial assistance for the group. The
- Finance costs 0.03 0.03 0.03
institutions through asset guarantees Audit Committee considered that this
- Other payables - - -
of AN Capital Co., Ltd, with a transaction occurred out of necessity
guarantee fee rate of 0.1 percent per and reasonableness, and is beneficial
annum, which does not cause the to the group's business operations.
group to lose any benefits. Furthermore, the financial institutions
will consider releasing the asset
guarantees to the group after the
group is listed on the Stock Exchange
of Thailand.
5. Dohome academy Co., Ltd. 5.1 Meeting room, food, and beverage The group provided meeting rooms, This transaction supports normal
services food, and beverages to Dohome business operations, with service rates
- Other income - 0.03 0.03
academy Co., Ltd., with service rates and rental terms comparable to
and terms comparable to market market service rates and terms.
service rates and terms. Therefore, the Audit Committee
considered and viewed that this
transaction is reasonable and is
beneficial to the group's business
operations.
6. Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd 6.1 Building rental and service fees The group leased and utilized spaces This transaction supports normal
(Branch offices) from Thuntongmawin Co., Ltd to business operations, with rental rates
171
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
- Right-of-use assets 0.06 0.55 0.31 serve as branch offices for the group's and terms comparable to market
- Rental deposit 0.03 0.03 0.03 business operations, totaling 2 rental rates and terms. Therefore, the
- Lease liabilities 0.01 0.56 0.32
locations. The lease agreements have Audit Committee considered and
- Finance costs 0.06 0.03 0.02
a term of 3 years, with rental rates viewed that this transaction is
- Administrative expenses 0.05 0.06 0.07
and terms comparable to market necessary and reasonable, and is
rental rates and terms. beneficial to the group's business
operations.
7. Thuntarin Co., Ltd 7.1 Sale of office equipment The group sold office equipment, This transaction supports normal
- Other income 0.01 - - such as photocopiers and business operations. The prices were
photocopier ink, to Thuntarin Co., Ltd determined in accordance with the
for usage. The prices were group's criteria for selling goods to
determined in accordance with the related parties, which are prices that
group's criteria for selling goods to do not cause the group to lose any
related parties, which are prices that benefits. Therefore, the Audit
do not cause the group to lose any Committee considered and viewed
benefits. that this transaction does not cause
the group to lose any benefits.
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon 8.1 Building rental and service fees The group leased and utilized space This transaction supports normal
(Branch offices) from Mr. Varut Tientamnoon to serve business operations, with rental rates
- Right-of-use assets
as a branch office for the group's and terms comparable to market
- Rental deposit - 0.37 0.19
business operations, totaling 1 rental rates and terms. Therefore, the
- Lease liabilities - 0.05 0.05
location. The lease agreement has a Audit Committee considered and
- Finance costs - 0.39 0.22
- Administrative expenses - 0.02 0.01 term of 3 years and can be renewed viewed that this transaction is
- 0.10 0.12 for 3 years per term, up to 2 times. necessary and reasonable, and is
The rental rates and terms are beneficial to the group's business
comparable to market rental rates operations.
and terms.
172
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
8.2 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 3.00 8.00 10.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.07 0.29 0.54
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
0.00 0.01 0.02
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
9. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap 9.1 Loans 4.12 4.12 4.12 The group borrowed short-term loans This transaction is a receipt of
- Short-term loans, beginning balance from Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap, financial assistance, which is
payable upon demand. The interest beneficial to the group's business
Additional borrowing during the - - -
rate does not exceed the group's operations. Furthermore, the interest
period
average borrowing cost from financial rate does not cause the group to lose
Repayment during the period - - - institutions. Therefore, this interest any benefits. Therefore, the Audit
rate does not cause the group to lose Committee considered and viewed
Ending balance 4.12 4.12 4.12
any benefits. that this transaction is necessary and
- Finance costs 0.02 0.02 0.02 reasonable, and is beneficial to the
- Accrued interest payable - - - group's business operations.
9.2 Credit facility guarantee Persons that may have a conflict of Therefore, the Audit Committee
- Guarantee amount interest collectively guaranteed the considered and viewed that this
10,213.00 10,613.00 3,680.00
group's borrowings with financial transaction is necessary and
institutions through (1) personal reasonable, and is beneficial to the
assets and (2) personal guarantees, group's business operations.Remark:
without charging any guarantee fee. The group is in the process of
requesting consent to release the
guarantee obligations.
9.3 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 7.90 9.90 36.60 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
173
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
- Accrued interest payable 0.22 0.49 1.78 capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
0.01 0.01 0.06 operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
10. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha 10.1 Loans 62.00 62.00 62.00 The group borrowed short-term loans This transaction is a receipt of
- Short-term loans, beginning balance from Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha, financial assistance, which is
payable upon demand. The interest beneficial to the group's business
Additional borrowing during the - - -
rate does not exceed the group's operations. Furthermore, the interest
period
average borrowing cost from financial rate does not cause the group to lose
Repayment during the period - - - institutions. Therefore, this interest any benefits. Therefore, the Audit
rate does not cause the group to lose Committee considered and viewed
Ending balance 62.00 62.00 62.00
any benefits. that this transaction is necessary and
- Finance costs 0.31 0.31 0.31 reasonable, and is beneficial to the
- Accrued interest payable - - - group's business operations.
10.2 Credit facility guarantee Persons that may have a conflict of Therefore, the Audit Committee
- Guarantee amount 250.00 250.00 - interest guaranteed the group's considered and viewed that this
borrowings with financial institutions transaction is necessary and
through (1) personal assets and (2) reasonable, and is beneficial to the
personal guarantees, without group's business operations.Remark:
charging any guarantee fee. The group is in the process of
requesting consent to release the
guarantee obligations.
10.3 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 10.00 20.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.29 0.97
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
0.02 0.03
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
174
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
11. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha 11.1 Loans 100.00 100.00 100.00 The group borrowed short-term loans This transaction is a receipt of
- Short-term loans, beginning balance from Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha, financial assistance, which is
payable upon demand. The interest beneficial to the group's business
Additional borrowing during the - - -
rate does not exceed the group's operations. Furthermore, the interest
period
average borrowing cost from financial rate does not cause the group to lose
Repayment during the period - - - institutions. Therefore, this interest any benefits. Therefore, the Audit
rate does not cause the group to lose Committee considered and viewed
Ending balance 100.00 100.00 100.00
any benefits. that this transaction is necessary and
- Finance costs 0.50 0.50 0.50 reasonable, and is beneficial to the
- Accrued interest payable - - - group's business operations.
11.2 Credit facility guarantee Persons that may have a conflict of Therefore, the Audit Committee
- Guarantee amount 250.00 250.00 - interest guaranteed the group's considered and viewed that this
borrowings with financial institutions transaction is necessary and
through (1) personal assets and (2) reasonable, and is beneficial to the
personal guarantees, without group's business operations.Remark:
charging any guarantee fee. The group is in the process of
requesting consent to release the
guarantee obligations.
11.3 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 20.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.86
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.03
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
175
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
debentures issued by the group.
12. Mr. Adisak Tangmitrphracha 12.1 Credit facility guarantee Persons that may have a conflict of Therefore, the Audit Committee
- Guarantee amount 10,213.00 10,613.00 3,680.00 interest collectively guaranteed the considered and viewed that this
group's borrowings with financial transaction is necessary and
institutions through (1) personal reasonable, and is beneficial to the
assets and (2) personal guarantees, group's business operations.Remark:
without charging any guarantee fee. The group is in the process of
requesting consent to release the
guarantee obligations.
12.2 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 30.00 30.00 50.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.84 1.62 2.48
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
0.03 0.03 0.06
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
13. Mrs. Nattaya 13.1 Credit facility guarantee Persons that may have a conflict of Therefore, the Audit Committee
Tangmitrphracha - Guarantee amount 8,813.00 9,213.00 2,290.00 interest guaranteed the group's considered and viewed that this
borrowings with financial institutions transaction is necessary and
through (1) personal assets and (2) reasonable, and is beneficial to the
personal guarantees, without group's business operations.Remark:
charging any guarantee fee. The group is in the process of
requesting consent to release the
guarantee obligations.
13.2 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 20.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.86
176
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
- Accrued interest payable 0.03 by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
14. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap 14.1 Credit facility guarantee Persons that may have a conflict of Therefore, the Audit Committee
- Guarantee amount 250.00 250.00 250.00 interest guaranteed the group's considered and viewed that this
borrowings with financial institutions transaction is necessary and
through personal guarantees, without reasonable, and is beneficial to the
charging any guarantee fee. group's business operations.Remark:
The group is in the process of
requesting consent to release the
guarantee obligations.
14.2 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 10.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.43
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.02
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
15. Mrs. Soamsiri Burapavong 15.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 3.00 3.00 - interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.07 0.14 0.05
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.00 0.00 0.00
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
177
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
16. Mr. Ek Burapavong 16.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 7.00 7.00 - interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.17 0.34 0.12
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.01 0.01 0.00
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
17. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul 17.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 6.00 6.00 6.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.17 0.32 0.32
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.01 0.01 0.01
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
18. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm 18.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 1.00 1.30 1.30 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.03 0.06 0.07
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.00 0.00 0.00
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
19. Ms. Piyanee Tientamnoon 19.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 3.00
178
\
For the fiscal year ended
Persons/Juristic Persons Who Necessity and Reasonableness of
Nature of Transaction Opinion of the Audit Committee
May Have a Conflict of Interest 2023 2024 2025 the Transaction
- Interest expenses 0.13 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Accrued interest payable 0.00 by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
20. Mr. Thanes Tientamnoon 20.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 8.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.34
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.01
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
21. Ms. Duangkamol Saisee 21.1 Purchase of debentures Persons that may have a conflict of This transaction is a receipt of
- Debentures (Outstanding balance) 2.00 interest purchased debentures issued financial assistance from persons that
- Interest expenses 0.09
by the group to be used as working may have a conflict of interest, with
- Accrued interest payable 0.00
capital for the group's business an interest rate equal to the rate
operations. The interest rate is equal offered to third parties purchasing the
to the rate offered to third parties same series of debentures issued by
purchasing the same series of the group.
debentures issued by the group.
179

NGERNTURBO PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED
CONSOLIDATED AND SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
31 DECEMBER 2025
Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
My opinion
In my opinion, the consolidated financial statements and the separate financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of Ngernturbo Public Company Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(the Group) and the separate financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2025, and its consolidated and
separate financial performance and its consolidated and separate cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
with Thai Financial Reporting Standards (TFRS).
What I have audited
The consolidated and the separate financial statements comprise:
 the consolidated and separate statements of financial position as at 31 December 2025;
 the consolidated and separate statements of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
 the consolidated and separate statements of changes in equity for the year then ended;
 the consolidated and separate statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and
 the notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements, which include material accounting policies
and other explanatory information.
Basis for opinion
I conducted my audit in accordance with Thai Standards on Auditing (TSAs). My responsibilities under those standards are
further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of my report. I am
independent of the Company in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants including Independence
Standards issued by the Federation of Accounting Professions (TFAC Code) that are relevant to my audit of the financial
statements, and I have fulfilled my other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the TFAC Code. I believe that the audit
evidence I have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion.
182
Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in my professional judgement, were of most significance in my audit of the
consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period. I determine one key audit matter: Allowance for
expected credit losses on loan receivables, accrued interest receivables and accrued fee receivables. The matter
was addressed in the context of my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements as a whole, and in
forming my opinion thereon, and I do not provide a separate opinion on the matter.
Key audit matter How my audit addressed the key audit matter
Allowance for expected credit losses on loan
receivables, accrued interest receivables and accrued
fee receivables
Refer to notes to the consolidated and separate financial I performed the following audit procedures.
statements: Note 5.2 c) for impairment of financial
assets, Note 10 for loan receivables, and Note 12 for  Obtained an understanding of the process, evaluated
allowance for expected credit losses. the design of controls and validated the operating
effectiveness of key controls related to the allowance for
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had loan receivables, expected credit losses by testing controls over accuracy
accrued interest receivables and accrued fee receivables of the model’s processing based on historical default
totalling Baht 11,561.50 million, representing 91.20% data and testing controls over recording of the model-
of the total assets in the consolidated financial statements, calculated allowance for expected credit losses to the
and an allowance for expected credit losses of Baht general ledger.
459.98 million in the consolidated financial statements.  Evaluated the appropriateness of the model used
The Company had loan receivables and accrued interest by management and any material changes to the
receivables totalling Baht 11,550.51 million, represented model identified during the year.
90.84% of the total assets in the separate financial  Tested the accuracy and completeness of significant
statements and an allowance for expected credit losses of input data used in the model, including the accuracy
Baht 458.74 million in the separate financial statements. and appropriateness of the staging.
 Evaluated the reasonableness of the key assumptions
I focused on the audit of the estimation of allowance for used in the model and assumptions applied in the
expected credit losses on loan receivables, accrued weighting of forward-looking economic factors, including
interest receivables and accrued fee receivables because considering the relationship of those economic factors
the amount were material to the financial statements, and and credit risk based on the results of model testing.
the requirements under Thai Financial Reporting Standard
 Evaluated the appropriateness of management’s review
No. 9 - Financial Instruments require the use of models. This
and approval process for the estimation of the management
estimation also involved significant management judgements
overlay.
regarding the complex models, input data and key
 Randomly selected samples to test the calculation
assumptions, including the following:
of the allowance for expected credit losses in the
model and reconciled them to the general ledger.
 staging conditions and criteria
 probability of default Based on all the above procedures, I considered that the
 expected future cash flows management's methodologies, assumptions and judgements
 forward-looking macroeconomic used for the estimation of the allowance for expected credit
and weighting of forward-looking economic losses were acceptable based on supporting evidence.
factors
 management overlay
183
Other information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
the annual report, but does not include the consolidated and separate financial statements and my auditor’s report
thereon. The annual report is expected to be made available to me after the date of this auditor's report.
My opinion on the consolidated and separate financial statements does not cover the other information and I will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
In connection with my audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements, my responsibility is to read the
other information identified above when it becomes available and, in doing so, consider whether the other information
is materially inconsistent with the consolidated and separate financial statements or my knowledge obtained in the
audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
When I read the annual report, if I conclude that there is a material misstatement therein, I am required to communicate
the matter to the audit committee.
Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated and separate financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated and separate financial statements
in accordance with TFRS, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated and separate financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
In preparing the consolidated and separate financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s and
the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group and the Company or to cease
operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.
The audit committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s and the Company’s
financial reporting process.
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements
My objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated and separate financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes my opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with TSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated and separate financial statements.
As part of an audit in accordance with TSAs, I exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. I also:
 Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated and separate financial statements,
whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for my opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
 Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Group’s and the Company’s internal control.
 Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
related disclosures made by the directors.
 Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
cast significant doubt on the Group’s and the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. If I conclude
that a material uncertainty exists, I am required to draw attention in my auditor’s report to the related disclosures
in the consolidated and separate financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify my
opinion. My conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of my auditor’s report.
However, future events or conditions may cause the Group and the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
184
 Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated and separate financial statements,
including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated and separate financial statements represent the underlying
transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
 Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of
the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. I am responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
of the group audit. I remain solely responsible for my audit opinion.
I communicate with the audit committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that I identify during my audit.
I also provide the audit committee with a statement that I have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on my independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.
From the matters communicated with the audit committee, I determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated and separate financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. I describe these matters in my auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, I determine that a matter should not be communicated in my report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.
PricewaterhouseCoopers ABAS Ltd.
Viphasiri Vimanrat
Certified Public Accountant (Thailand) No. 9141
Bangkok
24 February 2026
185
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht
Assets
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 9 239,675,372 222,016,604 149,752,513 164,832,693
Current portion of loan receivables 10 3,721,997,981 3,845,924,506 3,711,251,120 3,825,492,794
Current portion of hire purchase receivables 11 4,299 1,692,154 - -
Other current receivables 13 73,541,145 52,460,994 156,375,704 246,064,322
Other current assets 14 21,690,642 21,529,659 18,504,136 19,450,573
Total current assets 4,056,909,439 4,143,623,917 4,035,883,473 4,255,840,382
Non-current assets
Investments in subsidiaries 15 - - 59,000,000 56,000,000
Loan receivables 10 7,380,518,887 7,283,435,890 7,380,518,887 7,283,435,890
Land, buildings and equipment 16 708,919,486 785,674,223 708,916,296 785,667,520
Right-of-use assets 17 270,063,142 318,141,802 270,063,142 318,141,802
Intangible assets 18 86,465,574 100,569,516 86,465,574 100,569,516
Deferred tax assets 19 133,800,100 138,316,925 133,739,093 138,226,690
Other non-current assets 40,560,831 47,224,141 40,560,831 47,224,141
Non-current assets 8,620,328,020 8,673,362,497 8,679,263,823 8,729,265,559
Total assets 12,677,237,459 12,816,986,414 12,715,147,296 12,985,105,941
The notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements are an integral part of the financial statements.
186
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Statement of Financial Position (Cont’d)
As at 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht
Liabilities and equity
Current liabilities
Other current payables 20 80,637,378 82,283,281 94,001,810 91,670,023
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 21 30,000,000 250,000,000 30,000,000 250,000,000
Short-term borrowings from related parties 21, 33 c) 2,114,573,500 2,114,573,500 2,258,158,706 2,370,373,500
Current portion of long-term borrowings
from financial institutions 21 2,573,865,391 2,764,614,833 2,573,865,391 2,764,614,833
Current portion of debentures 22 412,656,645 70,798,274 412,656,645 70,798,274
Current portion of lease liabilities 149,211,640 168,077,005 149,211,640 168,077,005
Income tax payable 43,388,168 16,536,086 22,115,688 -
Other current liabilities 31,088,936 30,629,217 25,138,598 26,784,508
Total current liabilities 5,435,421,658 5,497,512,196 5,565,148,478 5,742,318,143
Non-current liabilities
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions 21 2,822,813,175 3,871,272,457 2,822,813,175 3,871,272,457
Debentures 22 504,792,123 665,195,728 504,792,123 665,195,728
Lease liabilities 121,957,289 159,767,149 121,957,289 159,767,149
Employee benefit obligations 23 11,576,382 8,797,008 11,562,094 8,787,028
Other non-current liabilities 3,378,600 3,378,600 3,378,600 3,378,600
Total non-current liabilities 3,464,517,569 4,708,410,942 3,464,503,281 4,708,400,962
Total liabilities 8,899,939,227 10,205,923,138 9,029,651,759 10,450,719,105
Equity
Share capital
Authorised share capital
2,720,000,000 ordinary shares,
at par value of Baht 0.5 each 24 1,360,000,000 1,360,000,000 1,360,000,000 1,360,000,000
Issued and paid-up share capital
2,670,000,000 ordinary shares,
at Baht 0.5 each (31 December 2024:
2,222,220,000 ordinary shares, at Baht 0.5 each) 24 1,335,000,000 1,111,110,000 1,335,000,000 1,111,110,000
Other reserve - share-based payment 25 2,141,245 - 2,141,245 -
Premium on ordinary shares 24 1,612,652,978 1,175,567,420 1,612,652,978 1,175,567,420
Retained earnings
Appropriated - legal reserve 26 60,281,000 35,781,000 54,681,000 30,181,000
Unappropriated 767,223,009 288,604,856 681,020,314 217,528,416
Total equity 3,777,298,232 2,611,063,276 3,685,495,537 2,534,386,836
Total liabilities and equity 12,677,237,459 12,816,986,414 12,715,147,296 12,985,105,941
The notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements are an integral part of the financial statements.
187
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht
Revenues
Interest income 2,670,994,517 2,595,196,118 2,670,689,205 2,589,935,126
Fee and service income 27 62,519,227 85,279,781 55,940,495 67,824,273
Sales of goods 27,227,111 27,316,219 - -
Other income 28 333,952,272 325,420,457 319,677,209 491,885,428
Total revenues 3,094,693,127 3,033,212,575 3,046,306,909 3,149,644,827
Expenses
Cost of goods sold 728,129 8,065,526 - -
Administrative expenses 29 1,475,602,978 1,650,716,914 1,490,308,134 1,678,622,709
Expected credit losses 600,169,154 762,453,711 599,222,447 755,642,046
Total expenses 2,076,500,261 2,421,236,151 2,089,530,581 2,434,264,755
Profit before finance costs and
income tax 1,018,192,866 611,976,424 956,776,328 715,380,072
Finance costs 30 (402,058,272) (451,443,490) (403,049,480) (453,473,578)
Profit before income tax 616,134,594 160,532,934 553,726,848 261,906,494
Income tax (expense) income 31 (113,009,776) (18,968,042) (65,734,950) 26,331,114
Profit for the year 503,124,818 141,564,892 487,991,898 288,237,608
Other comprehensive income:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently
to profit or loss
Remeasurements of post-employment
benefit obligations - (1,634,319) - (1,634,319)
Income tax relating to items that will not be
reclassified subsequently to profit or loss - 326,864 - 326,864
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently
to profit or loss - (1,307,455) - (1,307,455)
Total comprehensive income
for the period 503,124,818 140,257,437 487,991,898 286,930,153
Earnings per share
(Baht per share) 32 0.215 0.064 0.208 0.130
The notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements are an integral part of the financial statements.
188
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated financial statements
Issued and Other reserves Retained earnings
paid-up Share - share-based Appropriated Total
share capital premium payments - legal reserve unappropriated equity
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Opening balance at 1 January 2024 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 - 21,181,000 162,963,235 2,470,821,655
Dividend payment - - - - (15,816) (15,816)
Transfer to legal reserve 26 - - - 14,600,000 (14,600,000) -
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - - 140,257,437 140,257,437
Closing balance at 31 December 2024 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 - 35,781,000 288,604,856 2,611,063,276
Opening balance at 1 January 2025 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 - 35,781,000 288,604,856 2,611,063,276
Ordinary shares issued 24 223,890,000 437,085,558 - - - 660,975,558
Dividend payment - - - - (6,665) (6,665)
Transfer to legal reserve 26 - - - 24,500,000 (24,500,000) -
Share-based payment 25 - - 2,141,245 - - 2,141,245
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - - 503,124,818 503,124,818
Closing balance at 31 December 2025 1,335,000,000 1,612,652,978 2,141,245 60,281,000 767,223,009 3,777,298,232
Separate financial statements
Issued and Other reserves Retained earnings (deficits)
paid-up Share - share-based Appropriated Total
share capital premium payments - legal reserve unappropriated equity
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Opening balance at 1 January 2024 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 - 15,681,000 (54,901,737) 2,247,456,683
Transfer to legal reserve 26 - - - 14,500,000 (14,500,000) -
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - - 286,930,153 286,930,153
Closing balance at 31 December 2024 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 - 30,181,000 217,528,416 2,534,386,836
Opening balance at 1 January 2025 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 - 30,181,000 217,528,416 2,534,386,836
Ordinary shares issued 24 223,890,000 437,085,558 - - - 660,975,558
Transfer to legal reserve 26 - - - 24,500,000 (24,500,000) -
Share-based payment 25 - - 2,141,245 - - 2,141,245
Total comprehensive income for the year - - - - 487,991,898 487,991,898
Closing balance at 31 December 2025 1,335,000,000 1,612,652,978 2,141,245 54,681,000 681,020,314 3,685,495,537
The notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements are an integral part of the financial statements.
189
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht
Cash flows from operating activities
Profit before income tax 616,134,594 160,532,934 553,726,848 261,906,494
Adjustments to reconcile profit before income tax
to cash received (paid):
Depreciation and amortisation 29 301,022,754 350,722,936 301,019,241 350,700,220
Expected credit losses 600,169,154 762,453,711 599,222,447 755,642,046
Reversal of loss on diminution
in value of foreclosed assets (3,974,279) (10,539,858) (3,956,436) (10,579,590)
Impairment charge on buildings
and equipment, and right-of-use assets 29 - 15,215,617 - 15,215,617
Loss on disposals and write-off of buildings
and equipment, and intangible assets 3,344,702 5,448,952 3,344,702 5,275,037
Loss (gain) from lease remeasurement
and termination (5,106,272) 7,599,283 (5,106,272) 7,599,283
Employee benefit obligations 23 2,779,374 1,907,458 2,775,066 1,897,478
Interest income (2,670,994,517) (2,595,196,118) (2,670,689,205) (2,589,935,126)
Interest received 2,679,237,545 2,504,596,971 2,677,732,097 2,497,486,825
Fee and service income 27 (6,577,444) (17,389,482) - -
Fee and service received 7,186,737 18,915,013 - -
Finance costs 402,058,272 451,443,490 403,049,480 453,473,578
Finance costs paid (396,672,393) (449,796,355) (396,706,436) (450,570,684)
Other interest income (953,752) (1,508,868) (711,706) (1,418,011)
Dividend income 28 - - (200,293,335) (375,084,184)
Dividend received - - 103,208,649 12,922,082
Income tax paid (82,481,642) (58,232,504) (39,131,526) (11,356,022)
Non-cash employee benefits expense
- share-based payments 25 2,141,245 - 2,141,245 -
Gain from operating activities
before changes in working capital 1,447,314,078 1,146,173,180 1,329,624,859 923,175,043
Changes in working capital:
Loan receivables (469,625,081) (1,426,362,211) (478,050,496) (1,406,460,336)
Hire purchase receivables 607,083 (2,305,119) - -
Other current receivables (21,252,590) 39,136,122 (14,703,600) 17,616,803
Other current assets (105,691,839) (87,017,885) (105,441,727) (88,738,688)
Other non-current assets 6,663,310 844,880 6,663,310 844,880
Other current payables (2,569,478) (1,827,871) 1,733,064 3,175,971
Other current liabilities 459,722 3,950,533 (1,658,806) 4,766,598
Net cash generated from (used in) operating activities 855,905,205 (327,408,371) 738,166,604 (545,619,729)
The notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements are an integral part of the financial statements.
190
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Statements of Cash Flows (Cont’d)
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Notes Baht Baht Baht Baht
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash paid for investments in subsidiaries 15 - - (3,000,000) -
Cash received from short-term loans to
related parties - - - 8,150,000
Cash paid for short-term loans
to related parties - - - (5,000,000)
Cash paid for purchase of building
improvements and equipment (11,777,662) (49,159,046) (11,777,662) (49,159,046)
Cash paid for purchase of intangible assets (15,316,210) (10,524,291) (15,316,210) (10,524,291)
Cash received from sale of equipment 672,655 245,879 672,655 245,879
Net cash used in investing activities (26,421,217) (59,437,458) (29,421,217) (56,287,458)
Cash flows from financing activities
Cash received from short-term borrowings
from related parties 33 c) - - 87,985,206 190,800,000
Cash received from short-term borrowings
from financial institutions 360,000,000 535,000,000 360,000,000 535,000,000
Cash paid for short-term borrowings
from financial institutions (580,000,000) (985,000,000) (580,000,000) (985,000,000)
Cash received from long-term borrowings
from financial institutions 21 2,328,000,000 3,572,900,000 2,328,000,000 3,572,900,000
Cash paid for long-term borrowings
from financial institutions 21 (3,568,969,520) (3,026,918,535) (3,568,969,520) (3,026,918,535)
Cash received from issuance of debentures 22 250,000,000 494,300,000 250,000,000 494,300,000
Cash paid for debenture redemption 22 (71,000,000) - (71,000,000) -
Cash paid for debentures issuing costs (3,063,461) (7,991,816) (3,063,461) (7,991,816)
Cash paid for principle elements
of lease payments (187,753,350) (212,182,212) (187,753,350) (212,182,212)
Cash received from additional share capital 24 660,975,558 - 660,975,558 -
Dividends paid 26 (14,447) (4,492) - -
Net cash received from financing activities (811,825,220) 370,102,945 (723,825,567) 560,907,437
Net increase (decrease) in
cash and cash equivalents 17,658,768 (16,742,884) (15,080,180) (40,999,750)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning
of the year 222,016,604 238,759,488 164,832,693 205,832,443
Cash and cash equivalents at the end
of the year 9 239,675,372 222,016,604 149,752,513 164,832,693
Non-cash items
Payables for purchase of building
improvements and equipment 2,836,951 5,696,128 2,836,951 5,696,128
Payables from intangible assets purchased - 12,449 - 12,449
Acquisition of right-of-use assets 17 171,041,400 231,282,670 171,041,400 231,282,670
Lease termination 17 5,021,892 7,147,858 5,021,892 7,147,858
Lease modifications and reassessments 17 29,835,110 23,678,881 29,835,110 23,678,881
Dividends received by offsetting debts 33 c) - - 201,476,904 160,073,426
The notes to the consolidated and separate financial statements are an integral part of the financial statements.
191
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
1 General information
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited (“the Company”) is a public limited company which listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand
on 30 September 2025. The Company is incorporated and domiciled in Thailand. The address of the Company’s registered
office is as follows:
500 Moo 3, Tiwanon Road, Ban Mai, Pak Kret, Nonthaburi 11120.
The principal business operations of the Company and its subsidiaries (together “the Group”) are 1) financial services
specifically loans secured against vehicle registrations, land title deeds and nano-finance, 2) life and non-life insurance brokerage,
and 3) cash and installment sales.
The consolidated and separate financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 24 February 2026.
2 Basis of preparation
The consolidated and separate financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Thai Financial Reporting
Standards (“TFRS”) and the financial reporting requirements issued under the Securities and Exchange Act.
The consolidated and separate financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with TFRS requires management to use certain critical accounting
estimates and to exercise its judgement in applying “the Group’s” accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree
of judgement or complexity, or areas that are more likely to be materially adjusted due to changes in estimates and assumptions
are disclosed in Note 7.
An English version of the consolidated and separate financial statements have been prepared from the statutory financial
statements that are in the Thai language. In the event of a conflict or a difference in interpretation between the two
languages, the Thai language statutory financial statements shall prevail.
3 New and amended financial reporting standards
3.1 New and amended financial reporting standards that are effective for accounting period beginning on or
after 1 January 2025 do not have material impacts on the Group.
3.2 New and amended financial reporting standards that are effective for the accounting period beginning on
or after 1 January 2026 which are relevant to the Group.
The following amended TFRSs were not mandatory for the current reporting period and the Group has not early
adopted them.
a) Amendments to TAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates added requirements to help
entities to determine whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency, and the spot exchange rate
to use when it is not. Prior to these amendments, IAS 21 set out the exchange rate to use when exchangeability is
temporarily lacking, but not what to do when lack of exchangeability is not temporary.
Management is assessing impacts from these amended standards to the Group’s financial statements.
4 Material accounting policies
4.1 Investment in subsidiaries
In the separate financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using cost method.
4.2 Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are cash on hand, deposits held at call and short-term highly liquid investments with
maturities of three months or less from acquisition date.
192
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.3 Financial assets
a) Recognition and derecognition
Normal purchases, acquires and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive
cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.
b) Classification
The Group classifies its debt instrument financial assets in the following measurement categories depending
on i) business model for managing the asset and ii) the cash flow characteristics of the asset whether they
represent solely payments of principal and interest (SPPI).
- Those to be measured at amortised cost.
The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes.
Debt instruments
Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
asset and the cash flow characteristics of the financial assets. The Group measured its debt instruments by
amortised cost.
- Amortised cost: Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest
income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate
method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented
in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are
presented as a separate line item in the statement of comprehensive income.
Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether the
cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest (SPPI).
c) Measurement
At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.
d) Impairment
For financial assets carried at amortised cost, the Group applies TFRS 9 general approach in measuring the
impairment of those financial assets. Under the general approach, the 12-month or the lifetime expected credit
loss is applied depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since the initial recognition.
The significant increase in credit risk (from initial recognition) assessment is performed every end of reporting
period by comparing i) expected risk of default as of the reporting date and ii) estimated risk of default on the
date of initial recognition.
The Group assesses expected credit loss by taking into consideration forward-looking information and past
experiences. The expected credit loss is a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (probability-weighted
present value of estimated cash shortfall). The cash shortfall is the difference between all contractual cash flows
that are due to the Group and all cash flows expected to receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
When measuring expected credit losses, the Group reflects the following:
- Probability-weighted estimated uncollectible amounts
- Time value of money;
- Supportable and reasonable information as of the reporting date about past experience, current conditions
and forecasts of future situations.
Impairment losses on loan receivables are presented in profit or loss as a separate line item. Subsequent
recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.
193
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
e) Interest income recognition
The method of interest income recognition is using the effective interest rate. By this method, the effective
interest rate is applied to the gross book value of financial assets, except for financial assets that are not
purchased or originated credit impaired but later become credit impaired which are calculated using the
effective interest rate on the amortised cost less the expected credit loss allowance of such financial assets
for the subsequent reporting period.
f) Offsetting
Financial assets and financial liabilities will be offsetting one another and will be presented as the net amount
in the statement of financial position only when the Company has legal rights to offset the amount to recognise
and the Company has intention to settle with net amount or has intention to recognise both assets and
liabilities together. In some situation, although the Company has an agreement to offset, if the management
does not have an intention to settle both assets and liabilities together, the financial assets and financial
liabilities will be presented as gross balance in the statement of financial position.
4.4 Foreclosed assets
Foreclosed assets are initially recognised at a lower amount between the book value of receivables and the fair value
less cost to sale, and subsequently measured at cost less allowance for diminution in value (if any).
Gain or loss from disposal of foreclosed assets is recognised in the statement of comprehensive income when assets sold,
and loss on diminution in value is recognised as expenses in the statement of comprehensive income.
4.5 Land, building and equipment
Land, building and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.
Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount, only when it is probable that future economic benefits
associated with the item will flow to the Group. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised.
All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss when incurred.
Depreciation on assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over
their estimated useful lives, as follows:
Building 20 years
Building improvements Shorter of lease term or
3, 6, 9 and 20 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 years and more than 5 years,
subject to the insurance policy term.
Computers and office equipment 3 and 5 years
Vehicles 5 years
The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
Gains or losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are recognised
in profit or loss.
4.6 Intangible assets
Acquired intangible assets
Separately acquired intangible assets such as computer software is measured at historical cost.
The assets with limited life are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. The amortisation
is calculated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
Computer software 3, 5 and 10 years
Cost associated with maintaining computer software are recognised as an expense as incurred.
Research and development / Internally generated intangible asset
Research expenditure is recognised as an expense as incurred.
194
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Development expenditure is recognised as an asset when the Group can demonstrate all of the following:
- the expenditure attributable to its development can be measured reliably;
- the Group can demonstrate that it is technically, financially, commercially, and resourcefully feasible; and
- the Group intends to and has the ability to complete the development for the purpose of using or selling.
Development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.
Capitalised development costs are amortised when the asset is ready to use or sell by applying a straight-line
method over the period of its expected benefit, not exceeding 5 years.
4.7 Impairment of assets
Assets that have an indefinite useful life and computer software in progress are tested annually for impairment,
or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired. Assets that are subject
to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever there is an indication of impairment. An impairment loss is
recognised for the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use.
Where the reasons for previously recognised impairments no longer exist, the impairment losses on the assets
concerned other than goodwill is reversed.
4.8 Leases
Leases - where the Group is the lessee
The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term. If the Group is reasonably
certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.
Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract
to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases of real estate
for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts
for these as a single lease component.
The group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate, which are not
included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take
effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-use asset.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be determined,
the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar economic environment with similar terms and conditions.
Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis
as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value
assets comprise “office equipment”.
Leases - where the Group is the lessor
When assets are leased out under a finance lease, the present value of the lease payments is recognised as a receivable.
Rental income under operating leases (net of any incentives given to lessees) is recognised on a straight-line basis over
the lease term.
195
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.9 Financial liabilities
a) Classification
Financial instruments issued by the Group are classified as either financial liabilities or equity securities by
considering contractual obligations.
- Where the Group has an unconditional contractual obligation to deliver cash or another financial asset to
another entity, it is considered a financial liability unless there is a predetermined or possible settlement
for a fixed amount of cash in exchange of a fixed number of the Group’s own equity instruments.
- Where the Group has no contractual obligation or has an unconditional right to avoid delivering cash or
another financial asset in settlement of the obligation, it is considered an equity instrument.
Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date.
b) Measurement
Financial liabilities are initially recognised at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost.
c) Derecognition and modification
Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged, cancelled, or
expired.
Where the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated/modified, the Group assesses whether the renegotiation /
modification results in the derecognition of that financial liability. Where the modification results in an
extinguishment, the new financial liability is recognised based on fair value of its obligation. The remaining
carrying amount of financial liability is derecognised. The difference as well as proceed paid is recognised
as other gains/(losses) in profit or loss.
Where the modification does not result in the derecognition of the financial liability, the carrying amount of the
financial liability is recalculated as the present value of the renegotiated / modified contractual cash flows discounted
at its original effective interest rate. The difference is recognised in other gains/(losses) in profit or loss.
4.10 Current and deferred income taxes
Income tax comprises current and deferred tax.
Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
enacted at the end of the reporting period.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
and liabilities and where the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a
net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
Deferred tax is recognised based on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and their value for tax purposes. Deferred income tax is determined using tax
rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and are
expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.
Deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available
against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
196
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.11 Employee benefits
a) Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities for short-term employee benefits such as wages, salaries, paid annual leave and paid sick leave,
profit-sharing and bonuses, and medical care that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after
the end of the period are recognised in respect of employees’ service up to the end of the reporting period.
They are measured at the amount expected to be paid.
b) Defined contribution plan
The Group has established a provident fund which is managed by an external fund manager in accordance
with the provident fund Act. B.E. 2530. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
have been paid. Contributions to the provident fund are charged to expenses in profit or loss when they
are due.
c) Defined benefit plans
Amount of retirement benefits is defined by the agreed benefits the employees will receive after the completion
of employment. It usually depends on factors such as age, years of service and an employee’s latest
compensation at retirement.
The defined benefit obligation is calculated by an independent actuary using the projected unit credit
method. The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated
future cash outflows using market yield of government bond that matches the terms and currency of the
expected cash outflows.
Remeasurement gains and losses are recognised directly to other comprehensive income in the period in
which they arise. They are included in retained earnings in the statements of changes in equity.
Past-service costs are recognised immediately in profit or loss.
4.12 Share-based payment
Employee options
The Group receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group companies.
The fair value of the options is recognised as an expense over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in equity.
The fair value of the options is determined by:
 Including any market performance conditions (e.g. the entity’s share price);
 Including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save or
holdings shares for a specific period of time); and
 Excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (e.g. profitability, sales
growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period).
Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that
are expected to vest.
At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the number of options that are expected to vest. It recognises the
impact of the revision, if any, in profit or loss with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
When the options are exercised, the Group issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly attributable
transaction costs are credited to share capital and share premium.
4.13 Provisions
Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation.
The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.
197
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
4.14 Revenue and expense recognition
a) Interest income
Interest income from loan receivables is recognised using the effective interest rate as explained in Note 4.3 f).
b) Sales of goods
Revenue from sale of goods is recognised at the point in time when control of the asset is transferred to the
customer, generally upon delivery of the goods. Revenue is measured at the amount of the consideration
received or receivable, excluding value added tax, of goods supplied after deducting returns and discounts.
c) Fee and service income
Guarantee income is recognised using the effective interest rate until the maturity date of the contracts.
Penalty fee from late payments and collection fee are recognised on an accrual basis when services are
rendered and it has a probability of cash collection.
d) Other income
Other income comprises commission income from insurance premiums, other interest income and other
income, which are recognised on accrual basis.
e) Expenses
Expenses are recognised on accrual basis.
4.15 Share capital
Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options (net of tax) are shown as a deduction in equity.
4.16 Dividend distribution
Dividend distributed to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability when interim dividends are approved
by the Board of Directors, and when the annual dividends are approved by the shareholders.
5 Financial risk management
The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks which are market risk (including interest rate risk and price risk), credit
risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.
5.1) Market risk
a) Interest rate risk
The Group is exposed to interest rate risk through the impact of rate changes on interest bearing liabilities
and assets. These exposures are managed partly by using natural hedges that arise from offsetting interest
rate sensitive assets and liabilities.
Cash flow interest rate risk is the risk that changes in market interest rates will impact cash flows arising from
variable rate financial instruments. Borrowings at floating rates therefore expose the Group to cash flow
interest rate risk.
Fair value interest rate risk is the risk that the value of a financial asset or liability and derivative financial
instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.
198
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Significant financial assets and liabilities classified by type of interest rates and maturity date are summarised in the table below:
Consolidated financial statements
Fixed interest rates Floating interest rates Non-
Within 1 - 5 Over Within 1 - 5 Over Interest
1 year years 5 years 1 year years 5 years bearing Total
As at 31 December 2025 Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1,036,726 - - 112,860,055 - - 125,778,591 239,675,372
Loan receivables 3,999,392,123 7,075,448,790 486,658,367 - - - - 11,561,499,280
Hire purchase receivables 19,600 - - - - - - 19,600
Other current receivables - - - - - - 58,922,015 58,922,015
Financial liabilities
Other current payables - - - - - - 80,637,378 80,637,378
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 30,000,000 - - - - - - 30,000,000
Short-term borrowings from related parties 2,114,573,500 - - - - - - 2,114,573,500
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - - - 2,573,865,391 2,822,813,175 - - 5,396,678,566
Debentures 412,656,645 504,792,123 - - - - - 917,448,768
Lease liabilities 149,211,640 121,957,289 - - - - - 271,168,929
Consolidated financial statements
Fixed interest rates Floating interest rates Non-
Within 1 - 5 Over Within 1 - 5 Over Interest
1 year years 5 years 1 year years 5 years bearing Total
As at 31 December 2024 Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents 1,027,543 - - 87,562,062 - - 133,426,999 222,016,604
Loan receivables 4,160,559,228 7,099,275,938 422,965,620 - - - - 11,682,800,786
Hire purchase receivables 2,647,011 - - - - - - 2,647,011
Other current receivables - - - - - - 36,656,796 36,656,796
Financial liabilities
Other current payables - - - - - - 82,283,281 82,283,281
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 250,000,000 - - - - - - 250,000,000
Short-term borrowings from related parties 2,114,573,500 - - - - - - 2,114,573,500
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - - - 2,764,614,833 3,871,272,457 - - 6,635,887,290
Debentures 70,798,274 665,195,728 - - - - - 735,994,002
Lease liabilities 168,077,005 159,767,149 - - - - - 327,844,154
199
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Separate financial statements
Fixed interest rates Floating interest rates Non-
Within 1 - 5 Over Within 1 - 5 Over Interest
1 year years 5 years 1 year years 5 years bearing Total
As at 31 December 2025 Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents - - - 78,208,995 - - 71,543,518 149,752,513
Loan receivables 3,988,403,267 7,075,448,790 486,658,367 - - - - 11,550,510,424
Other current receivables - - - - - - 142,245,765 142,245,765
Financial liabilities
Other current payables - - - - - - 94,001,810 94,001,810
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 30,000,000 - - - - - - 30,000,000
Short-term borrowings from related parties 2,258,158,706 - - - - - - 2,258,158,706
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - - - 2,573,865,391 2,822,813,175 - - 5,396,678,566
Debentures 412,656,645 504,792,123 - - - - - 917,448,768
Lease liabilities 149,211,640 121,957,289 - - - - - 271,168,929
Separate financial statements
Fixed interest rates Floating interest rates Non-
Within 1 - 5 Over Within 1 - 5 Over Interest
1 year years 5 years 1 year years 5 years bearing Total
As at 31 December 2024 Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents - - - 62,200,134 - - 102,632,559 164,832,693
Loan receivables 4,139,909,747 7,099,275,938 422,965,620 - - - - 11,662,151,305
Other current receivables - - - - - - 230,728,331 230,728,331
Short-term loans to related parties - - - - - - - -
Financial liabilities
Other current payables - - - - - - 91,670,023 91,670,023
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 250,000,000 - - - - - - 250,000,000
Short-term borrowings from related parties 2,370,373,500 - - - - - - 2,370,373,500
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions - - - 2,764,614,833 3,871,272,457 - - 6,635,887,290
Debentures 70,798,274 665,195,728 - - - - - 735,994,002
Lease liabilities 168,077,005 159,767,149 - - - - - 327,844,154
200
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Sensitivity
The Group has no financial assets or liabilities that are measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)
or fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI). Therefore, changes in interest rates at the end
of the reporting period do not affect profit or loss or equity of the Group.
For cash and cash equivalents and borrowings with floating interest rates, profit or loss are sensitive to changes
in interest rates. However, such amounts are not material, management regularly assesses and manages
the cash flow risks associated with changes in interest rates.
5.2) Credit risk
Credit risk arises from deposits with financial institutions as well as credit exposures to customers including other
outstanding receivables.
a) Risk management
The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk. There are deposits with many financial institutions
to diversify the risk. The Group also has policies in place to ensure that it enters into contracts with customers
with a credit history at a reasonable level, where customer credit is restricted including obtaining appropriate
warranties from customers.
b) Security
The Group has established policies and guidelines for reducing credit risk by requiring debtors to various
collaterals for credit application. The Group appraises the value of the collaterals since the date that the Group
begin the process for lending to debtors.
The Group has not made any material changes to its credit security policy in the reporting period, and there
is no significant change in the quality of collaterals compared to the previous reporting period.
c) Impairment of financial assets
The Group financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model which is loan receivables.
Although cash and cash equivalents are also subject to the impairment requirements of TFRS 9, the identified
impairment loss is immaterial.
Loan receivables and Hire purchase receivables
The Group applies general approach to measure expected credit losses on financial assets which are debt
instruments carried at amortised cost. The Group considers changes in credit risk separating into three stages
which each stage has different methods for measuring allowance expected for credit losses and interest
income recognition as follows:
- Stage 1: from initial recognition of a financial assets to the date on which the credit risk of the asset has
not increased significantly relative to its initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognised equal to the
credit losses expected over the next 12 months
- Stage 2: following a significant increase in credit risk relative to the initial recognition of the financial
assets, a loss allowance is recognised equal to the credit losses expected over the lifetime of the asset
- Stage 3: when a financial asset is considered to be credit-impaired, a loss allowance is recognised equal
to the credit losses expected over the lifetime of the asset
Consideration of significant increase in credit risk
The Group has criteria for which a financial asset has a significant increase in credit risk when an installment
is overdue for more than 1 installment since the due date. When an asset meets the criteria, it changes from
stage 1 to stage 2, and the asset changes back to stage 1 when the asset no longer meets the criteria.
201
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Default definition and credit-impaired financial assets
The Group defines a financial asset as credit-impaired when there is an indicator of a deterioration in the debt
serviceability of a debtor. The asset is classified as credit-impaired financial asset when more than 3
installments are overdue since the due date. The definition of credit impairment is consistent with the Group’s
internal risk management. When the asset is classified as a credit-impaired financial asset, it will be classified
as stage 3. If the debtor has the ability to pay and no longer meets the criteria to be classified as credit-
impaired, it can be classified as stage 2. If the asset no longer meets the criteria to be classified as significant
increase in credit risk, it can be classified as stage 1.
Under the three-stage model, the expected credit loss is calculated using collective approach based on
historical data adjusted by current observable data and forward-looking information.
The expected credit loss (ECL) is measured on either a 12-month or lifetime basis depending on whether a
significant increase in credit risk has occurred since initial recognition or whether an asset is considered to be
credit-impaired. Expected credit loss is the discounted product of the probability of default (PD), exposure at
default (EAD), and loss given default (LGD), defined as follows:
- Probability of default (PD) represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation (as
per definition of default and credit-impaired), either over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime
of the obligation.
- Loss given default (LGD) represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of the loss on a defaulted
exposure. LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim and availability of collateral or
other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage loss per unit of exposure at the time of default
(EAD). LGD is calculated on a 12-month or lifetime basis, where 12-month LGD is the percentage of loss
expected to be made if the default occurs over the remaining expected lifetime of the obligation.
- Exposure at default (EAD) is based on the amounts that the Group expects to be owed at the time of
default, over the next 12 months or over the remaining lifetime.
The expected credit loss is determined by projecting the PD, LGD, and EAD for each future month and for
each collective segment. These three components are multiplied together to effectively calculate an ECL for
each future month, which is then discounted back to the reporting date using the original effective interest
rate or an approximation thereof.
Forward-looking economic information is also included in determining the 12-month and lifetime of obligations
that debtors have to pay.
Forward-looking information
The Group assessed the historical information to identify the essential economic factors which will impact the
credit risk and the expected credit loss of each portfolio.
Write-offs of receivables
The Group directly reduces the gross carrying amount of a receivable when the Group has no reasonable
expectations of recovering in their entirety or portion thereof. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event.
Write-offs are recognised in profit or loss.
Bad debts recovered from written off receivables will be recognised in profit or loss.
202
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
5.3) Liquidity risk
Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities and the availability
of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities to meet obligations when due and to close out
market positions.
At the end of the reporting period, the Group held cash and deposits at call of Baht 238.64 million (2024: Baht 220.02
million) that are expected to readily generate cash inflows for managing liquidity risk. Due to the dynamic nature of the
underlying businesses, the Group Treasury maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed
credit lines.
Management monitors i) rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve (comprising the undrawn borrowing facilities
below); and ii) cash and cash equivalents on the basis of expected cash flows. In addition, the Group’s liquidity
management policy involves projecting cash flows in major currencies and considering the level of liquid assets
necessary, monitoring balance sheet liquidity ratios and maintaining financing plans.
a) Financing arrangements
The Group has access to undrawn credit facilities as at 31 December as follows:
Consolidated and separate
financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Floating rate
Bank loans - Expiring within one year - 560,000,000
Bank loans - Expiring beyond one year 1,719,363,397 703,743,822
1,719,363,397 1,263,743,822
b) Maturity of financial liabilities
The tables below analyse the maturity of financial liabilities grouping based on their contractual maturities.
The Group apply market interest rates as of reporting date to disclose financial liabilities with floating interest rate.
The amounts disclosed are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.
Consolidated financial statements
Within
On demand 1 year 1 - 5 years Total Book value
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
31 December 2025
Other current payables - 80,637,378 - 80,637,378 80,637,378
Short term borrowings
from financial institutions - 30,000,000 - 30,000,000 30,000,000
Short term borrowings
from related parties 2,114,573,500 - - 2,114,573,500 2,114,573,500
Long-term borrowings
from financial institutions - 2,780,963,684 2,951,619,641 5,732,583,325 5,396,678,566
Debentures - 453,938,090 530,620,337 984,558,427 917,448,768
Lease liabilities - 158,456,917 126,034,282 284,491,199 271,168,929
Total financial liabilities 2,114,573,500 3,503,996,069 3,608,274,260 9,226,843,829 8,810,507,141
Consolidated financial statements
Within
On demand 1 year 1 - 5 years Total Book value
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
31 December 2024
Other current payables - 82,283,281 - 82,283,281 82,283,281
Short term borrowings
from financial institutions - 250,000,000 - 250,000,000 250,000,000
Short term borrowings
from related parties 2,114,573,500 - - 2,114,573,500 2,114,573,500
Long-term borrowings
from financial institutions - 3,059,636,482 4,077,117,125 7,136,753,607 6,635,887,290
Debentures - 109,369,443 707,980,429 817,349,872 735,994,002
Lease liabilities - 179,960,852 165,573,337 345,534,189 327,844,154
Total financial liabilities 2,114,573,500 3,681,250,058 4,950,670,891 10,746,494,449 10,146,582,227
203
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Separate financial statements
Within
On demand 1 year 1 - 5 years Total Book value
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
31 December 2025
Other current payables - 94,001,810 - 94,001,810 94,001,810
Short term borrowings
from financial institutions - 30,000,000 - 30,000,000 30,000,000
Short term borrowings
from related parties 2,258,158,706 - - 2,258,158,706 2,258,158,706
Long-term borrowings
from financial institutions - 2,780,963,684 2,951,619,641 5,732,583,325 5,396,678,566
Debentures - 453,938,090 530,620,337 984,558,427 917,448,768
Lease liabilities - 158,456,917 126,034,282 284,491,199 271,168,929
Total financial liabilities 2,258,158,706 3,517,360,501 3,608,274,260 9,383,793,467 8,967,456,779
Separate financial statements
Within
On demand 1 year 1 - 5 years Total Book value
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
31 December 2024
Other current payables - 91,670,023 - 91,670,023 91,670,023
Short term borrowings
from financial institutions - 250,000,000 - 250,000,000 250,000,000
Short term borrowings
from related parties 2,370,373,500 - - 2,370,373,500 2,370,373,500
Long-term borrowings
from financial institutions - 3,059,636,482 4,077,117,125 7,136,753,607 6,635,887,290
Debentures - 109,369,443 707,980,429 817,349,872 735,994,002
Lease liabilities - 179,960,852 165,573,337 345,534,189 327,844,154
Total financial liabilities 2,370,373,500 3,690,636,800 4,950,670,891 11,011,681,191 10,411,768,969
5.4) Capital management
The objectives when managing capital are to:
- safeguard their ability to continue as a going concern, to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other
stakeholders, and
- maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital
In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders,
return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt. Being consistent with others in the
industry, the Group monitors capital based on gearing ratio which is determined by dividing net debt with equity.
During 2025, the Group’s strategy remains unchanged as 2024 which is to maintain debt to equity ratio at an
appropriate level, which the debt to equity ratio calculation conforms to the Group's internal risk management.
As at 31 December, debt to equity ratios of the Group are as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Net debt 6,785,365,727 8,091,349,638 6,915,078,258 8,336,145,605
Equity after adjustment 5,891,871,731 4,725,636,776 5,800,069,037 4,648,960,336
Debt to equity ratio 1.15 times 1.71 times 1.19 times 1.79 times
Debt covenants
Under the terms of the borrowings from financial institutions, the Group must maintain a financial ratio which is the debt
to equity ratio of no more than 3.5 to 5 times. The above debt to equity ratio is calculated from the debt net of the
borrowings from shareholders and directors divided by equity which includes the borrowings from shareholders and
directors. The Group has been able to maintain financial ratios throughout the reporting period as at 31 December 2025.
204
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
6 Fair value
Fair values are categorised into hierarchy based on inputs used as follows:
Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments is based on the current bid price by reference to the Stock Exchange of
Thailand.
Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments is determined using significant observable inputs and, as little as possible,
entity-specific estimates.
Level 3: The fair value of financial instruments is not based on observable market data.
The fair value measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities is in accordance with the accounting policies disclosed
in Note 4.3 and Note 4.9.
The Group has no financial instruments measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.
For financial instruments that are not measured at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 2024, which are debentures,
borrowings from financial institutions, loan receivables and hire purchase receivables. Fair value of debentures and
borrowings from financial institutions is not significantly different from book value because the interest rates are close to
the market, and is classified in level 2 of fair value hierarchy, and fair value of loan receivables and hire purchase
receivables is not significantly different from book value because the effective interest rates are mostly close to the
market, and is classified in level 3 of fair value hierarchy.
Transfer between fair value hierarchy
The Group recognises transfers between fair value hierarchy levels as at the date of the event or change in circumstances
that caused the transfer.
There are no transfers of fair value hierarchy or changes in valuation techniques during the year.
7 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.
7.1) Impairment of financial assets
The Group estimates expected credit losses for financial assets measured at the amortised cost and FVOCI by
considering whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk and include forward-looking information for
in the consideration as mentioned in Note 5.2 c).
7.2) Impairment of foreclosed assets
The Group sets up allowance for diminution in value of foreclosed assets in order to reflect the decrease in value of
foreclosed assets, which are related to estimated losses as a result of the foreclosed assets being valued decreased
from the current book value. The allowance for diminution in value of foreclosed assets is the result of the Group
assessing future cash flows which the assessment is based on expected selling price and cost of selling the
properties.
7.3) Deferred tax assets
The Group recognises deferred tax assets when it is highly probable that the Group will have sufficient future taxable
profits to utilise the income tax assets. In this regard, management is required to estimate the amount of deferred tax
assets to be recognised by considering the amount of taxable profit that will be expected in the future in each period.
205
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
7.4) Determination of lease terms
Critical judgement in determining the lease term, the Group considers all facts and circumstances that create an
economic incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options
(or periods after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be
extended or terminated.
For leases of properties, the most relevant factors are historical lease durations, the costs and conditions of leased assets.
Most extension options on offices and vehicles leases have not been included in the lease liability, because the
Group considers i) the underlying asset condition and/or ii) insignificant cost to replace the leased assets.
The lease term is reassessed if an option is actually exercised (or not exercised) or the Group becomes obliged to
exercise (or not exercise) it. The assessment of reasonable certainty is only revised if a significant event or a
significant change in circumstance affecting this assessment occur, and that it is within the control of the Group.
7.5) Determination of discount rate applied to leases
The Group determines the incremental borrowing rate as follows:
- Where possible, use recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusting
to reflect changes in its financing conditions.
- Make adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.
7.6) Defined retirement benefit obligations
The present value of the retirement benefit obligations depends on a number of assumptions. Key assumptions used
and impacts from possible changes in key assumptions are disclosed in Note 23.
8 Segment information
The Group present segment information by presenting business segment as the primary reporting format based on the type
of business in determining business segment.
Consolidated financial statements
Financial Insurance
Services segment Broker segment Total
2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024
Thousand Thousand Thousand Thousand Thousand Thousand
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Revenues
Interest income 2,670,995 2,595,196 - - 2,670,995 2,595,196
Fees and services income 62,519 85,280 - - 62,519 85,280
Other income 11,413 7,180 322,467 318,213 333,880 325,393
2,744,927 2,687,656 322,467 318,213 3,067,394 3,005,869
Expenses
Expected credit losses 597,997 757,094 2,172 5,360 600,169 762,454
Finance costs 402,058 451,443 - - 402,058 451,443
1,000,055 1,208,537 2,172 5,360 1,002,227 1,213,897
Unallocated revenues
Sales of goods 27,227 27,316
Other income 72 28
Unallocated expenses
Cost of goods sold 728 8,066
Administrative expenses 1,475,603 1,650,717
Profit before income tax 616,135 160,533
Income tax expense (113,010) (18,968)
Profit for the year 503,125 141,565
As at 31 December
Loan receivables 11,092,074 11,110,558 10,443 18,802 11,102,517 11,129,360
Hire purchase receivables 4 1,692 - - 4 1,692
Other current receivables - others - - 56,515 33,895 56,515 33,895
Unallocated assets 1,518,201 1,652,039
12,677,237 12,816,986
206
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
Timing of revenue recognition 2025 2024 2025 2024
under TFRS 15 Thousand Thousand Thousand Thousand
Baht Baht Baht Baht
At a point in time 240,380 257,640 173,693 559,710
Over time 176,408 162,987 - -
9 Cash and cash equivalents
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Cash on hand 21,022,569 27,807,927 21,022,569 27,807,927
Deposits at financial institutions 218,652,803 194,208,677 128,729,944 137,024,766
Total 239,675,372 222,016,604 149,752,513 164,832,693
10 Loan receivables
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s loan receivables have the average contracts period of 1 - 10 years which
can be classified by due date in the contracts as follows:
Consolidated financial statements
2025
Portion due Portion due
within later than
1 year 1 year Total
Baht Baht Baht
Loan receivables 3,671,054,046 7,562,107,157 11,233,161,203
Add Accrued interest receivables and
accrued fee receivables 328,338,077 - 328,338,077
Total loan receivables, accrued interest receivables
and accrued fee receivables 3,999,392,123 7,562,107,157 11,561,499,280
Less Allowance for expected credit losses (277,394,142) (181,588,270) (458,982,412)
Total 3,721,997,981 7,380,518,887 11,102,516,868
Consolidated financial statements
2024
Portion due Portion due
within later than
1 year 1 year Total
Baht Baht Baht
Loan receivables 3,824,485,212 7,522,241,558 11,346,726,770
Add Accrued interest receivables and
accrued fee receivables 336,074,016 - 336,074,016
Total loan receivables, accrued interest receivables
and accrued fee receivables 4,160,559,228 7,522,241,558 11,682,800,786
Less Allowance for expected credit losses (314,634,722) (238,805,668) (553,440,390)
Total 3,845,924,506 7,283,435,890 11,129,360,396
207
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Separate financial statements
2025
Portion due Portion due
within later than
1 year 1 year Total
Baht Baht Baht
Loan receivables 3,660,447,246 7,562,107,157 11,222,554,403
Add Accrued interest receivables 327,956,021 - 327,956,021
Total loan receivables and accrued interest receivables 3,988,403,267 7,562,107,157 11,550,510,424
Less Allowance for expected credit losses (277,152,147) (181,588,270) (458,740,417)
Total 3,711,251,120 7,380,518,887 11,091,770,007
Separate financial statements
2024
Portion due Portion due
within later than
1 year 1 year Total
Baht Baht Baht
Loan receivables 3,805,622,540 7,522,241,558 11,327,864,098
Add Accrued interest receivables 334,287,207 - 334,287,207
Total loan receivables and accrued interest receivables 4,139,909,747 7,522,241,558 11,662,151,305
Less Allowance for expected credit losses (314,416,953) (238,805,668) (553,222,621)
Total 3,825,492,794 7,283,435,890 11,108,928,684
The Group’s loan receivables amounting to Baht 4,381 million (2024: Baht 6,153 million) are pledged as collateral for the
borrowings from financial institutions (Note 21).
As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, staging and allowance for expected credit losses for loan receivables are as follows:
Consolidated financial statements
2025
Loan receivables, Allowance
accrued interest for expected
and fee credit losses
Baht Baht
Staging
Performing financial assets 10,446,812,663 157,489,644
Under-performing financial assets 657,232,823 97,350,387
Non-performing financial assets 457,453,794 204,142,381
Total 11,561,499,280 458,982,412
Consolidated financial statements
2024
Loan receivables, Allowance
accrued interest for expected
and fee credit losses
Baht Baht
Staging
Performing financial assets 9,875,673,003 190,688,874
Under-performing financial assets 1,320,977,871 145,907,608
Non-performing financial assets 486,149,912 216,843,908
Total 11,682,800,786 553,440,390
208
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Separate financial statements
2025
Loan receivables Allowance
and accrued for expected
interest credit losses
Baht Baht
Staging
Performing financial assets 10,436,424,689 157,454,718
Under-performing financial assets 656,811,407 97,216,810
Non-performing financial assets 457,274,328 204,068,889
Total 11,550,510,424 458,740,417
Separate financial statements
2024
Loan receivables Allowance
and accrued for expected
interest credit losses
Baht Baht
Staging
Performing financial assets 9,855,467,234 190,608,394
Under-performing financial assets 1,320,840,502 145,891,063
Non-performing financial assets 485,843,569 216,723,164
Total 11,662,151,305 553,222,621
11 Hire purchase receivables
Consolidated financial statements
31 December 2025
Portion due Portion due
within later than
1 year 1 year Total
Baht Baht Baht
Hire purchase receivables 19,600 - 19,600
Less Deferred interest income - - -
Total hire purchase receivables
net of deferred interest income 19,600 - 19,600
Less Allowance for expected credit losses (15,301) - (15,301)
Total 4,299 - 4,299
Consolidated financial statements
31 December 2024
Portion due Portion due
within later than
1 year 1 year Total
Baht Baht Baht
Hire purchase receivables 3,139,096 - 3,139,096
Less Deferred interest income (492,085) - (492,085)
Total hire purchase receivables
net of deferred interest income 2,647,011 - 2,647,011
Less Allowance for expected credit losses (954,857) - (954,857)
Total 1,692,154 - 1,692,154
209
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, staging and allowance for expected credit losses for hire purchase
receivables are as follows:
Consolidated financial statements
31 December 2025
Hire purchase Allowance
receivables net of for expected
deferred interest income credit losses
Baht Baht
Staging
Performing financial assets - -
Under-performing financial assets 1,980 1,425
Non-performing financial assets 17,620 13,876
Total 19,600 15,301
Consolidated financial statements
31 December 2024
Hire purchase Allowance
receivables net of for expected
deferred interest income credit losses
Baht Baht
Staging
Performing financial assets 1,069,351 12,350
Under-performing financial assets 652,847 219,086
Non-performing financial assets 924,813 723,421
Total 2,647,011 954,857
12 Allowance for expected credit losses
Consolidated financial statements
Under- Non-
Performing performing
Performing financial financial
financial assets assets assets Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht
As at 1 January 2025 190,701,224 146,126,694 217,567,329 554,395,247
Newly acquired financial assets 49,256,700 - - 49,256,700
Changes due to changes in staging 131,360,665 (380,318,115) 248,957,450 -
Changes due to new estimation
of credit losses (204,230,915) 369,418,531 52,756,526 217,944,142
Transfers to foreclosed assets (9,549,631) (36,548,972) (19,157,151) (65,255,754)
Write-off (48,399) (1,326,326) (295,967,897) (297,342,622)
As at 31 December 2025 157,489,644 97,351,812 204,156,257 458,997,713
210
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated financial statements
Under- Non-
Performing performing
Performing financial financial
financial assets assets assets Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht
As at 1 January 2024 156,136,859 97,012,520 153,171,523 406,320,902
Newly acquired financial assets 73,973,399 - - 73,973,399
Changes due to changes in staging 100,750,831 (356,147,527) 255,396,696 -
Changes due to new estimation
of credit losses (137,706,322) 466,955,240 72,535,166 401,784,084
Transfers to foreclosed assets (2,122,724) (61,652,501) (21,668,811) (85,444,036)
Write-off (330,819) (41,038) (241,867,245) (242,239,102)
As at 31 December 2024 190,701,224 146,126,694 217,567,329 554,395,247
Separate financial statements
Under- Non-
Performing performing
Performing financial financial
financial assets assets assets Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht
As at 1 January 2025 190,608,394 145,891,063 216,723,164 553,222,621
Newly acquired financial assets 49,210,827 - - 49,210,827
Changes due to changes in staging 131,343,103 (379,957,398) 248,614,295 -
Changes due to new estimation
of credit losses (204,151,621) 368,687,843 52,686,248 217,222,470
Transfers to foreclosed assets (9,549,631) (36,547,772) (19,152,517) (65,249,920)
Write-off (6,354) (856,926) (294,802,301) (295,665,581)
As at 31 December 2025 157,454,718 97,216,810 204,068,889 458,740,417
Separate financial statements
Under- Non-
Performing performing
Performing financial financial
financial assets assets assets Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht
As at 1 January 2024 155,935,591 96,891,208 152,877,008 405,703,807
Newly acquired financial assets 73,659,787 - - 73,659,787
Changes due to changes in staging 100,576,702 (353,993,664) 253,416,962 -
Changes due to new estimation
of credit losses (137,438,698) 464,671,952 72,752,366 399,985,620
Transfers to foreclosed assets (2,122,724) (61,637,395) (21,637,449) (85,397,568)
Write-off (2,264) (41,038) (240,685,723) (240,729,025)
As at 31 December 2024 190,608,394 145,891,063 216,723,164 553,222,621
211
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
13 Other current receivables
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Other current receivables - others 58,922,015 36,656,796 2,406,624 2,761,408
Other current receivables - related parties (Note 33 b)) - - 139,839,141 227,966,923
Prepaid expenses 11,735,319 14,603,051 11,564,312 14,409,843
Advance payments 2,883,811 1,201,147 2,565,627 926,148
Total 73,541,145 52,460,994 156,375,704 246,064,322
14 Other current assets
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Foreclosed assets 16,416,250 21,413,185 16,394,361 21,332,328
Less Allowance for diminution in value (1,666,130) (5,640,409) (1,644,241) (5,600,677)
Other current assets 6,940,522 5,756,883 3,754,016 3,718,922
Total 21,690,642 21,529,659 18,504,136 19,450,573
15 Investment in the subsidiaries
The Company has subsidiaries included in consolidated financial statement. The subsidiaries have only ordinary shares
in which the Company directly holds those shares. The proportion of ownership interests held by the Company is equal
to voting rights in subsidiaries held by the Company.
Separate
financial statements
Ownership interest Cost
Country of Type of 2025 2024 2025 2024
Entity name incorporation business % % Baht Baht
Subsidiaries
Ngernturbo Pay Thailand Cash and 99.99 99.99 2,000,000 2,000,000
Later Co., Ltd. installment sales
Ngernturbo Insurance Thailand Insurance broker 99.99 99.99 3,000,000 3,000,000
Broker Co., Ltd.
NTBX Co., Ltd. Thailand Financial services 99.99 99.99 50,000,000 50,000,000
Ngernturb Development Thailand Training services 99.99 99.99 1,000,000 1,000,000
Center Co., Ltd. for affiliates
Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. Thailand Insurance 99.99 - 3,000,000 -
consultation
59,000,000 56,000,000
During 2025, the Company invested in a subsidiary which is Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. in the amount of 300,000 ordinary shares
at Baht 10 per share totalling to Baht 3 million. The subsidiary received share payment and registered the capital increase
with the Ministry of Commerce on 1 December 2025.
212
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
16 Land, building and equipment
Consolidated financial statements
Building
Land and building Computers and Furniture Work
Land improvements improvements office equipment and fixtures Vehicles in progress Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
At 1 January 2024
Cost 344,035,174 5,669,507 527,845,740 188,612,469 115,448,836 1,612,104 1,525,274 1,184,749,104
Less Accumulated depreciation - (777) (167,700,454) (91,345,812) (49,568,463) (330,411) - (308,945,917)
Net book amount 344,035,174 5,668,730 360,145,286 97,266,657 65,880,373 1,281,693 1,525,274 875,803,187
For the year ended
31 December 2024
Opening net book amount 344,035,174 5,668,730 360,145,286 97,266,657 65,880,373 1,281,693 1,525,274 875,803,187
Additions - - 22,112,348 5,519,081 3,435,955 1,662,780 207,682 32,937,846
Disposals and write-off - - (5,153,327) (268,304) (84,276) - - (5,505,907)
Transfer in (out) - - 872,619 - - - (872,619) -
Depreciation charge - (283,475) (59,398,312) (33,978,648) (18,276,327) (580,006) - (112,516,768)
Impairment loss - - (5,044,135) - - - - (5,044,135)
Closing net book amount 344,035,174 5,385,255 313,534,479 68,538,786 50,955,725 2,364,467 860,337 785,674,223
At 31 December 2024
Cost 344,035,174 5,669,507 524,396,020 193,549,543 118,430,115 3,274,884 860,337 1,190,215,580
Less Accumulated depreciation - (284,252) (205,817,406) (125,010,757) (67,474,390) (910,417) - (399,497,222)
Less Accumulated impairment - - (5,044,135) - - - - (5,044,135)
Net book amount 344,035,174 5,385,255 313,534,479 68,538,786 50,955,725 2,364,467 860,337 785,674,223
213
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated financial statements
Building
Land and building Computers and Furniture Work
Land improvements improvements office equipment and fixtures Vehicles in progress Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
For the year ended
31 December 2025
Opening net book amount 344,035,174 5,385,255 313,534,479 68,538,786 50,955,725 2,364,467 860,337 785,674,223
Additions - - 10,555,055 3,113,049 496,685 61,602 388,222 14,614,613
Disposals and write-off - - (3,962,129) (31,836) (19,169) - - (4,013,134)
Transfer in (out) - - 724,519 - - - (724,519) -
Depreciation charge - (283,475) (40,457,658) (30,221,841) (15,720,798) (672,444) - (87,356,216)
Closing net book amount 344,035,174 5,101,780 280,394,266 41,398,158 35,712,443 1,753,625 524,040 708,919,486
At 31 December 2025
Cost 344,035,174 5,669,507 503,897,791 194,575,780 118,518,161 3,336,486 524,040 1,170,556,939
Less Accumulated depreciation - (567,727) (223,503,525) (153,177,622) (82,805,718) (1,582,861) - (461,637,453)
Net book amount 344,035,174 5,101,780 280,394,266 41,398,158 35,712,443 1,753,625 524,040 708,919,486
214
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Separate financial statements
Building
Land and building Computers and Furniture Work
Land improvements improvements office equipment and fixtures Vehicles in progress Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
At 1 January 2024
Cost 344,035,174 5,669,507 527,647,210 188,610,479 115,434,590 1,612,104 1,525,274 1,184,534,338
Less Accumulated depreciation - (777) (167,695,044) (91,345,561) (49,562,692) (330,411) - (308,934,485)
Net book amount 344,035,174 5,668,730 359,952,166 97,264,918 65,871,898 1,281,693 1,525,274 875,599,853
For the year ended
31 December 2024
Opening net book amount 344,035,174 5,668,730 359,952,166 97,264,918 65,871,898 1,281,693 1,525,274 875,599,853
Additions - - 22,112,348 5,519,081 3,435,955 1,662,780 207,682 32,937,846
Disposals and write-off - - (4,979,412) (268,304) (84,276) - - (5,331,992)
Transfer in (out) - - 872,619 - - - (872,619) -
Depreciation charge - (283,475) (59,379,107) (33,977,985) (18,273,479) (580,006) - (112,494,052)
Impairment loss - - (5,044,135) - - - - (5,044,135)
Closing net book amount 344,035,174 5,385,255 313,534,479 68,537,710 50,950,098 2,364,467 860,337 785,667,520
At 31 December 2024
Cost 344,035,174 5,669,507 524,371,405 193,547,553 118,415,869 3,274,884 860,337 1,190,174,729
Less Accumulated depreciation - (284,252) (205,792,791) (125,009,843) (67,465,771) (910,417) - (399,463,074)
Less Accumulated impairment - - (5,044,135) - - - - (5,044,135)
Net book amount 344,035,174 5,385,255 313,534,479 68,537,710 50,950,098 2,364,467 860,337 785,667,520
215
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Separate financial statements
Building
Land and building Computers and Furniture Work
Land improvements improvements office equipment and fixtures Vehicles in progress Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
For the year ended
31 December 2025
Opening net book amount 344,035,174 5,385,255 313,534,479 68,537,710 50,950,098 2,364,467 860,337 785,667,520
Additions - - 10,555,055 3,113,049 496,685 61,602 388,222 14,614,613
Disposals and write-off - - (3,962,129) (31,836) (19,169) - - (4,013,134)
Transfer in (out) - - 724,519 - - - (724,519) -
Depreciation charge - (283,475) (40,457,658) (30,221,178) (15,717,948) (672,444) - (87,352,703)
Closing net book amount 344,035,174 5,101,780 280,394,266 41,397,745 35,709,666 1,753,625 524,040 708,916,296
At 31 December 2025
Cost 344,035,174 5,669,507 503,897,791 194,573,790 118,503,917 3,336,486 524,040 1,170,540,705
Less Accumulated depreciation - (567,727) (223,503,525) (153,176,045) (82,794,251) (1,582,861) - (461,624,409)
Net book amount 344,035,174 5,101,780 280,394,266 41,397,745 35,709,666 1,753,625 524,040 708,916,296
During the year 2024, the building improvements and right-of-use assets (Note 17) experienced an impairment totalling Baht 15,215,617 due to the consideration of closing branches of
the business to align with the adjustments in the branch opening policy by the relevant management.
During the year 2025, the group considered that there were no indicators that assets were impaired.
216
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
17 Right-of-use assets
Consolidated and separate financial statements
Buildings Vehicles Total
Baht Baht Baht
Balance as at 1 January 2024 284,874,572 53,601,513 338,476,085
Additions 222,628,670 8,654,000 231,282,670
Termination (4,730,480) (2,417,378) (7,147,858)
Lease modifications and reassessments (23,678,881) - (23,678,881)
Depreciation charge (194,222,405) (16,396,327) (210,618,732)
Impairment loss (10,171,482) - (10,171,482)
Balance as at 31 December 2024 274,699,994 43,441,808 318,141,802
Additions 164,388,400 6,653,000 171,041,400
Termination (4,740,697) (281,195) (5,021,892)
Lease modifications and reassessments (29,835,110) - (29,835,110)
Depreciation charge (168,648,966) (15,614,092) (184,263,058)
Balance as at 31 December 2025 235,863,621 34,199,521 270,063,142
The expense relating to leases that not included in the measurement of lease liabilities and right-of-use and cash outflows
for leases is as follows:
Consolidated and separate
financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Expense relating to leases of low-value assets 214,053 522,012
Total cash outflow for leases 202,221,590 228,668,470
18 Intangible assets
Consolidated and separate financial statements
Computer
Computer software
software in progress Total
Baht Baht Baht
At 1 January 2024
Cost 155,285,801 83,485 155,369,286
Less Accumulated amortisation (37,535,155) - (37,535,155)
Net book amount 117,750,646 83,485 117,834,131
For the year ended 31 December 2024
Opening net book amount 117,750,646 83,485 117,834,131
Additions - 10,511,745 10,511,745
Write-off (188,924) - (188,924)
Transfer in (out) 10,060,464 (10,060,464) -
Amortisation charge (27,587,436) - (27,587,436)
Closing net book amount 100,034,750 534,766 100,569,516
At 31 December 2024
Cost 165,093,745 534,766 165,628,511
Less Accumulated amortisation (65,058,995) - (65,058,995)
Net book amount 100,034,750 534,766 100,569,516
217
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated and separate financial statements
Computer
Computer software
software in progress Total
Baht Baht Baht
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Opening net book amount 100,034,750 534,766 100,569,516
Additions 24,075 15,279,686 15,303,761
Write-off - (4,223) (4,223)
Transfer in (out) 10,546,617 (10,546,617) -
Amortisation charge (29,403,480) - (29,403,480)
Closing net book amount 81,201,962 5,263,612 86,465,574
At 31 December 2025
Cost 175,664,437 5,263,612 180,928,049
Less Accumulated amortisation (94,462,475) - (94,462,475)
Net book amount 81,201,962 5,263,612 86,465,574
19 Deferred income taxes
The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Deferred tax assets 187,779,336 203,661,148 187,706,636 203,400,128
Deferred tax liabilities 53,979,236 65,344,223 53,967,543 65,173,438
Deferred tax assets (net) 133,800,100 138,316,925 133,739,093 138,226,690
The movement of deferred income taxes is as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
At 1 January 138,316,925 106,287,158 138,226,690 106,825,310
Recognised in profit or loss (Note 31) (4,516,825) 31,702,903 (4,487,597) 31,074,516
Recognised in other comprehensive income - 326,864 - 326,864
At 31 December 133,800,100 138,316,925 133,739,093 138,226,690
218
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
Consolidated financial statements
Allowance
Allowance for diminution Employee Accumulated Provision for
for expected in value Accrued benefit depreciation and Lease decommissioning Share-based
credit losses of assets bonus obligations amortisation liabilities costs payment Others Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Deferred tax assets
At 1 January 2024 81,264,177 3,236,055 5,060,952 980,838 20,418,396 60,023,753 675,720 - - 171,659,891
(Charged)/credited to profit or loss 29,614,872 935,149 (1,555,202) 380,468 2,378,789 (79,683) - - - 31,674,393
(Charged)/credited to other
comprehensive income - - - 326,864 - - - - - 326,864
At 31 December 2024 110,879,049 4,171,204 3,505,750 1,688,170 22,797,185 59,944,070 675,720 - - 203,661,148
At 1 January 2025 110,879,049 4,171,204 3,505,750 1,688,170 22,797,185 59,944,070 675,720 - - 203,661,148
(Charged)/credited to profit or loss (19,079,506) (3,837,978) 601,462 555,449 (268,379) (9,960,860) - 428,249 15,679,751 (15,881,812)
At 31 December 2025 91,799,543 333,226 4,107,212 2,243,619 22,528,806 49,983,210 675,720 428,249 15,679,751 187,779,336
Separate financial statements
Allowance
Allowance for diminution Employee Accumulated Provision for
for expected in value Accrued benefit depreciation and Lease decommissioning Share-based
credit losses of assets bonus obligations amortisation liabilities costs payment Others Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht Baht
Deferred tax assets
At 1 January 2024 81,140,758 3,236,055 5,026,972 980,838 20,417,767 60,023,753 675,720 - - 171,501,863
(Charged)/credited to profit or loss 29,503,766 927,203 (1,538,798) 379,496 2,379,417 (79,683) - - - 31,571,401
(Charged)/credited to other
comprehensive income - - - 326,864 - - - - - 326,864
At 31 December 2024 110,644,524 4,163,258 3,488,174 1,687,198 22,797,184 59,944,070 675,720 - - 203,400,128
At 1 January 2025 110,644,524 4,163,258 3,488,174 1,687,198 22,797,184 59,944,070 675,720 - - 203,400,128
(Charged)/credited to profit or loss (18,896,441) (3,834,410) 607,215 555,013 (268,379) (9,960,860) - 428,249 15,676,121 (15,693,492)
At 31 December 2025 91,748,083 328,848 4,095,389 2,242,211 22,528,805 49,983,210 675,720 428,249 15,676,121 187,706,636
219
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated financial statements
Right-of-use Prepaid
assets upfront fee Others Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Deferred tax liabilities
At 1 January 2024 60,544,661 4,131,892 696,180 65,372,733
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (1,011,940) 1,508,825 (525,395) (28,510)
At 31 December 2024 59,532,721 5,640,717 170,785 65,344,223
At 1 January 2025 59,532,721 5,640,717 170,785 65,344,223
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (10,150,530) (1,055,365) (159,092) (11,364,987)
At 31 December 2025 49,382,191 4,585,352 11,693 53,979,236
Separate financial statements
Right-of-use Prepaid
assets upfront fee Others Total
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Deferred tax liabilities
At 1 January 2024 60,544,661 4,131,892 - 64,676,553
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (1,011,940) 1,508,825 - 496,885
At 31 December 2024 59,532,721 5,640,717 - 65,173,438
At 1 January 2025 59,532,721 5,640,717 - 65,173,438
Charged/(credited) to profit or loss (10,150,530) (1,055,365) - (11,205,895)
At 31 December 2025 49,382,191 4,585,352 - 53,967,543
20 Other current payables
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Other current payables - others 46,130,724 47,897,422 43,582,849 46,670,364
Other current payables - related parties (Note 33 b)) 315,624 127,004 17,366,857 11,771,290
Accrued expenses 34,191,030 34,258,855 33,052,104 33,228,369
Total 80,637,378 82,283,281 94,001,810 91,670,023
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has bank deposits for insurance premiums awaiting delivery to insurance companies
amounting to Baht 72.2 million (31 December 2024: the Group amounting to Baht 45.9 million). These amounts are not
recognised as assets and liabilities in the statement of financial position.
220
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
21 Borrowings
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Current
Short-term borrowings from financial institutions 30,000,000 250,000,000 30,000,000 250,000,000
Short-term borrowings from related parties
(Note 33 c)) 2,114,573,500 2,114,573,500 2,258,158,706 2,370,373,500
Current portion of long-term borrowings
from financial institutions 2,573,865,391 2,764,614,833 2,573,865,391 2,764,614,833
Total current borrowings 4,718,438,891 5,129,188,333 4,862,024,097 5,384,988,333
Non-current
Long-term borrowings from financial institutions 2,822,813,175 3,871,272,457 2,822,813,175 3,871,272,457
Total non-current borrowings 2,822,813,175 3,871,272,457 2,822,813,175 3,871,272,457
Total borrowings 7,541,252,066 9,000,460,790 7,684,837,272 9,256,260,790
As at 31 December 2025, short-term borrowings from financial institutions bear a fixed rate per annum (31 December
2024: a fixed rate per annum) which will be due at call, and long-term borrowings from financial institutions bear interest
at floating rate (31 December 2024: MLR less a fixed rate per annum) which will be due during 2026 to 2030 (31 December
2024: 2025 to 2030).
As at 31 December 2025, the borrowings from financial institutions in a total amount of Baht 5,427 million (31 December
2024: Baht 6,886 million) are secured over a part of the Company’s loan receivables (Note 10), land which belong to the
Company and the Company’s related parties, common stocks which belong to the Company’s related parties and
shareholders, having the Company’s related parties and shareholders as guarantors.
Borrowings from financial institutions require the Group to maintain financial ratios. The Group has ability to maintain
certain minimum financial ratios which comply with agreements.
The movement of long-term borrowings from financial institutions for the year ended 31 December is as follows:
Consolidated and Separate financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Opening net book amount 6,635,887,290 6,090,887,893
Addition 2,328,000,000 3,572,900,000
Repayment (3,568,969,520) (3,026,918,535)
Add (Less) Deferred upfront fee amortisation 1,760,796 (982,068)
Closing net book amount 5,396,678,566 6,635,887,290
221
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
22 Debentures
Balances of debentures classified by maturity are as follows:
Consolidated and separate
financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Current portion 412,656,645 70,798,274
Non-current portion 504,792,123 665,195,728
Total 917,448,768 735,994,002
As at 31 December 2025, debentures were registered, unsubordinated and unsecured which bear a fixed rate per annum
and will be due during 2026 to 2028 (31 December 2024: 2025 to 2027).
The Group, as debentures issuer, has a condition to maintain a debt-to-equity ratio at end of each six-month period and
fiscal year, and the Group is able to maintain the financial ratio which comply with the condition.
Movements of debentures for the year ended 31 December are as follows:
Consolidated and separate
financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Opening net book amount 735,994,002 246,862,026
Issuance 250,000,000 494,300,000
Repayment (71,000,000) -
Add (Less) Deferred issuing costs 2,454,766 (5,168,024)
Closing net book amount 917,448,768 735,994,002
23 Employee benefit obligations
The amounts recognised in the statement of financial position are as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Employee benefit obligations 11,576,382 8,797,008 11,562,094 8,787,028
The movements in the employee benefit obligations for the years are as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
At 1 January 8,797,008 5,255,231 8,787,028 5,255,231
Current service cost 2,547,697 1,793,882 2,543,684 1,793,882
Past service cost - 9,980 - -
Interest expense 231,677 103,596 231,382 103,596
11,576,382 7,162,689 11,562,094 7,152,709
Remeasurements
Experience loss - 1,634,319 - 1,634,319
At 31 December 11,576,382 8,797,008 11,562,094 8,787,028
222
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
The significant actuarial assumptions used were as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Discount rate 2.61 to 2.99% 2.63% to 2.95% 2.61% 2.63%
Salary growth rate 5% 5% 5% 5%
Employee turnover rate 0% to 31% 0% to 31% 0% to 31% 0% to 31%
Mortality rate Thai mortality Thai mortality Thai mortality Thai mortality
ordinary ordinary ordinary ordinary
table 2017 table 2017 table 2017 table 2017
Retirement age 60 years old 60 years old 60 years old 60 years old
Sensitivity analysis for each significant assumption used is as follows:
Increase (decrease) in employee benefit obligations
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Thousand Thousand Thousand Thousand
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Discount rate
Increase 1% (1,690) (1,399) (1,686) (1,397)
Decrease 1% 1,869 1,554 1,865 1,551
Salary growth rate
Increase 1% 1,655 1,288 1,651 1,286
Decrease 1% (1,508) (1,174) (1,504) (1,172)
Turnover rate
Increase 1% (137) (107) (137) (107)
Decrease 1% 180 139 180 139
The above sensitivity analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant.
In practice, this is unlikely to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the
sensitivity of the employee benefit obligations to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied
as when calculating the employee benefits recognised in the statement of financial position.
The methods and types of assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis did not change compared to the
previous period.
The weighted average duration of the employee benefit obligations is 18.89 to 28.64 years (2024: 19.89 to 29.64 years).
24 Share capital
Movements of share capital are as follows:
Issued and paid-up
Authorised share capital share capital
Number of Ordinary Number of Ordinary Share
shares shares shares shares Premium Total
Shares Baht Shares Baht Baht Baht
As at 1 January 2024 2,720,000,000 1,360,000,000 2,222,220,000 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 2,286,677,420
Issuance of authorised
share capital - - - - - -
As at 31 December 2024 2,720,000,000 1,360,000,000 2,222,220,000 1,111,110,000 1,175,567,420 2,286,677,420
Issuance of authorised
share capital - - 447,780,000 223,890,000 437,085,558 660,975,558
As at 31 December 2025 2,720,000,000 1,360,000,000 2,670,000,000 1,335,000,000 1,612,652,978 2,947,652,978
On 24 September 2025, the Company received the share price for the newly-issued ordinary shares of 447,780,000
shares with a par value of Baht 0.50 per share at the price of Baht 1.50 per share with the paid-up value at the par value
and share premiums of Baht 223,890,000 and Baht 447,780,000, respectively. The Company recognised the cost of
distribution of shares of Baht 10,694,442 (net of tax benefit) as a deduction item of the premium on ordinary shares.
223
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
25 Share-based payment
On 23 September 2024, the Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting approved the issuance of warrants to
purchase the ordinary shares of the Company. The warrants are offered to directors and employees of the Company,
not exceeding 50,000,000 units. The exercise ratio is one unit of warrant per one ordinary share. Warrants are in
registered form and non-transferable and the terms do not exceed 5 years from the issuance and offered date.
The scheme is an equity-settled scheme which the Group has no legal obligation to purchase the options back or settle in cash.
On 22 September 2025, the Group approved the allocation of warrants to the board of directors and employees.No warrants
were exercised for the year ended 31 December 2025.
The warrants are offered to directors and employees of the Group who meet the specified conditions. The information
of the warrants to purchase the Company's ordinary shares are as follows:
Weighted
average fair
value of
underlying
Unit of issued stock at the
and offered valuation date Exercise ratio
(Units) (Unit/share) (Unit/share)
TURBO-E1 700,000 1.5000 -
TURBO-E2 12,000,000 0.4953 1.2000
TURBO-E3 26,000,000 0.2230 1.8750
TURBO-E4 11,300,000 1.5000 -
The weighted-average fair value of share options granted during the period is estimated using a binomial model. The
significant inputs into the model were a weighted average share price of Baht 1.5 per share at the grant date, an expected
option life of 5 years, an annual risk-free interest rate of 1.14% and the estimated volatility was determined based on the
historical volatility of comparable companies operating in the same industry to reflect the business risk characteristics.
The movement in the share-based payment reserve for period ended 31 December 2025 is as follows:
Consolidated and Separate
financial statements
2025
Baht
At 1 January -
Expenses for the year 2,141,245
At 31 December 2,141,245
26 Dividends and legal reserve
On 20 May 2024, the Board of Directors Meeting of the subsidiaries approved the resolution regarding to the payment
of interim dividend from retained earnings to pay dividends of Baht 283.33 per share and Baht 14 per share and Baht
180 per share, amounting to the total of Baht 173,000,000 Baht, and appropriated its retained earnings to legal reserve
amounting to Baht 100,000. The dividends were paid on 24 May 2024, comprises cash dividend payments to related
persons and the Company amounting to Baht 4,492 and Baht 12,922,082, respectively, and offsetting transaction with
dividend income amounting to Baht 160,073,426 (Note 33 c).
On 30 December 2024, the Board of Directors Meeting of the subsidiaries approved the resolution regarding to the
payment of interim dividend from retained earnings to pay dividends of Baht 430 per share and Baht 4.6 per share and
Baht 501 per share, amounting to the total of Baht 202,100,000 Baht. The dividends were paid on 28 January 2025,
comprises cash dividend payments to related persons and the Company amounting to Baht 11,324 and Baht 611,772,
respectively, and offsetting transaction with dividend income amounting to Baht 201,476,904 (Note 33 c).
224
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
On 30 June 2025, the Board of Directors Meeting of the subsidiaries approved the resolution regarding to the payment
of interim dividend from retained earnings to pay dividends of Baht 0.7 per share and Baht 110 per share and Baht 267
per share and Baht 40 per share, amounting to the total of Baht 102,600,000. The dividends were paid on 29 July 2025,
comprises cash dividend payments to related persons and the Company amounting to Baht 3,123 and Baht 102,596,877,
respectively.
On 26 December 2025, the Board of Directors Meeting of the subsidiaries approved the resolution regarding to the
payment of interim dividend from retained earnings to pay dividends of Baht 0.64 per share and Baht 135 per share and
Baht 250 per share and Baht 30 per share, amounting to the total of Baht 97,700,000. The dividends will be paid on
20 January 2026.
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Opening net book value 35,781,000 21,181,000 30,181,000 15,681,000
Appropriation during the year 24,500,000 14,600,000 24,500,000 14,500,000
Closing net book value 60,281,000 35,781,000 54,681,000 30,181,000
Under the Public Companies Act B.E. 2535, the Group is required to set aside a statutory reserve at least 5 percent of
its net profit after accumulated deficit brought forward (if any) until the reserve is not less than 10 percent of the registered
capital. This reserve is not available for dividend distribution.
27 Fee and service income
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Guarantee income 6,577,444 17,389,482 - -
Other fee and service income 55,941,783 67,890,299 55,940,495 67,824,273
Total 62,519,227 85,279,781 55,940,495 67,824,273
28 Other income
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Commission from brokerage of
non-life insurance and life insurance 145,478,512 153,742,519 - -
Other compensation from brokerage of
non-life insurance and life insurance 176,408,354 162,987,144 - -
Management fee income - - 105,218,576 103,394,353
Dividend income - - 200,293,335 375,084,184
Rental income 333,111 532,310 1,631,397 2,129,267
Other income 11,732,295 8,158,484 12,533,901 11,277,624
Total 333,952,272 325,420,457 319,677,209 491,885,428
225
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
29 Expenses by nature
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Personnel expenses 837,876,889 865,263,047 861,333,453 911,979,647
Depreciation and amortisation 301,022,754 350,722,936 301,019,241 350,700,220
Marketing expenses 18,439,279 39,245,178 11,601,462 23,563,226
Special business and other taxes 103,430,470 99,773,808 103,137,349 99,067,892
Service fee 35,739,707 41,290,208 35,739,707 41,290,208
Utilities 37,321,044 44,015,838 37,321,044 44,015,838
IT related expenses 36,734,256 36,632,943 36,704,202 36,632,753
Loss on disposals and diminution
in value of foreclosed assets (Reversal) (23,069,893) 24,242,068 (23,077,000) 24,187,259
Loss on impairment of asset - 15,215,617 - 15,215,617
Others 128,108,472 134,315,271 126,528,676 131,970,049
Total 1,475,602,978 1,650,716,914 1,490,308,134 1,678,622,709
30 Finance costs
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Interest on borrowings 387,590,032 434,957,232 388,581,240 436,987,320
Interest on lease liabilities 14,468,240 16,486,258 14,468,240 16,486,258
Total finance costs 402,058,272 451,443,490 403,049,480 453,473,578
31 Income tax expense
Income tax expense for the year comprises the following:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Current tax 108,492,951 50,670,945 61,247,353 4,743,402
Deferred income tax 4,516,825 (31,702,903) 4,487,597 (31,074,516)
Income tax expense 113,009,776 18,968,042 65,734,950 (26,331,114)
226
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
The income tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the basic tax rate as
follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Profit before tax 616,134,594 160,532,934 553,726,848 261,906,494
Tax calculated at a tax rate of 20% (2024: 20%) 123,226,919 32,106,587 110,745,370 52,381,299
Tax effect of:
Income not subject to tax (5,991,080) (9,276,603) (40,058,667) (75,016,837)
Expenses not deductible for tax purpose 2,270,157 8,152,704 2,264,279 8,111,989
Additional deductible expenses (7,302,612) (11,446,108) (7,216,032) (11,807,565)
Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses - (568,538) - -
Tax losses for which no deferred income
tax asset was recognised 850,060 - - -
Adjustment in respect of prior year (43,668) - - -
Tax charge 113,009,776 18,968,042 65,734,950 (26,331,114)
The tax rate for the consolidated financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2025 is 18.34% compared to
11.82% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The tax rate was higher in the current period due to the decrease in
training income on a subsidiary which is a non-taxable income and training expense which is a double deductible expense. The tax
rate for the separate financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2025 is 11.87% compared to (10.05%) for the
year ended 31 December 2024. The tax rate was higher in the current period due to the decrease in dividend income
which is a non-taxable income.
The tax (charged)/credited directly to equity during the year is as follows:
Consolidated and separate
financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Current tax:
Expenses related to share issuance (2,673,610) -
32 Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares in issue and paid-up during the year.
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Basic earnings per share
Net profit for the year (Baht) 503,124,818 141,564,892 487,991,898 288,237,608
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
attributable to shareholders of the parent
company during the year (Shares) 2,343,672,658 2,222,220,000 2,343,672,658 2,222,220,000
Basic earnings per share (Baht per share) 0.215 0.064 0.208 0.130
227
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Diluted earnings per share
Profit for the year (Baht) 503,124,818 141,564,892 487,991,898 288,237,608
Profit used in calculating diluted earnings
per share 503,124,818 141,564,892 487,991,898 288,237,608
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
attributable to shareholders
during the year (Shares) 2,343,672,658 2,222,220,000 2,343,672,658 2,222,220,000
Adjustments for diluted earnings per share calculation:
Options (Shares) 460,430 - 460,430 -
Weighted average number used as the denominator
in calculating diluted earnings per share (Shares) 2,344,133,088 2,222,220,000 2,344,133,088 2,222,220,000
Diluted earnings per share (Baht per shares) 0.215 0.064 0.208 0.130
33 Related party transactions
Individuals and entities that directly or indirectly control or are controlled by or are under common control with the Company,
including investment entities, associates, joint venture and individuals or entities having significant influence over the Company,
key management personnel, including directors and officers of the Company and close members of the family of these
individuals and entities associated with these individuals also constitute related parties.
In considering each possible related-party relationship, attention is directed to the substance of the relationship, and not merely
the legal form.
The Company’s controlling shareholders are Tangmitrphracha family which own 74% of the Company’s shares.
Relationships with related parties are as follows:
Related party Country / Nationality Relationship
Amplus Holdings Ltd. Hong Kong Controlling shareholder
Ngernturbo Pay Later Company Limited Thai Subsidiary
Ngernturbo Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. Thai Subsidiary
NTBX Co., Ltd. Thai Subsidiary
Ngernturbo Development Center Co., Ltd. Thai Subsidiary
Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. Thai Subsidiary
Dohome Holding Co., Ltd. Thai Common shareholder
Dohome Public Company Limited Thai Common shareholder
AN Capital Co., Ltd. Thai Common shareholder
Thongmawin Capital Co., Ltd. Thai Common shareholder
Thuntarin Co., Ltd. Thai Common shareholder
Dohome Acadamy Co., Ltd. Thai Common shareholder
Related persons Thai Director
228
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
a) Transactions with related parties
Transactions with related parties are as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024 Pricing
Baht Baht Baht Baht policy
Other income
Subsidiaries - - 308,298,575 484,706,619 Contractual price
Related companies - 38,100 - 38,100 Contractual price
Administrative expenses
Subsidiaries - - 32,052,278 54,461,502 Contractual price
Related companies 199,195 485,356 199,195 485,356 Contractual price
Related persons 123,711 103,093 123,711 103,093 Contractual price
Purchases of equipment
Related companies 124,729 10,805,385 124,729 2,900,386 Contractual price
Finance costs
Shareholder 5,792,268 5,808,137 5,792,268 5,808,137 Contractual price
Subsidiaries - - 991,209 2,030,087 Contractual price
Related companies 11,875,656 11,622,250 11,875,656 11,622,250 Contractual price
Related persons 9,892,013 4,412,454 9,892,013 4,412,454 Contractual price
b) Outstanding balances
The outstanding balances at the end of the reporting period in relation to transactions with related parties are as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Other current receivables
Subsidiaries - - 139,839,141 227,966,923
Other current payables
Subsidiaries - - 17,061,859 11,654,912
Related companies 30,696 40,143 20,070 29,517
Related persons 284,928 86,861 284,928 86,861
Other non-current assets
Related companies 183,391 268,298 183,391 268,298
Related persons 50,000 50,000 50,000 50,000
Right-of-use assets
Related companies 2,978,838 636,049 2,978,838 636,049
Related persons 188,141 369,030 188,141 369,030
Lease liabilities
Related companies 3,061,394 640,898 3,061,394 640,898
Related persons 215,131 388,854 215,131 388,854
Debentures
Related persons 186,900,000 75,200,000 186,900,000 75,200,000
229
Ngernturbo Public Company Limited
Notes to the Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025
Lease liabilities
Consolidated and separate
financial statements
31 December 31 December
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Opening net book value 1,029,752 1,954,715
Acquisitions 4,798,652 1,312,036
Payments (1,997,211) (2,160,080)
Lease modifications and reassessments (554,669) (76,919)
Closing net book value 3,276,524 1,029,752
c) Short-term borrowings from related parties
Movements of short-term borrowings from related parties are as follows:
Consolidated Separate
financial statements financial statements
2025 2024 2025 2024
Baht Baht Baht Baht
Opening book value 2,114,573,500 2,114,573,500 2,370,373,500 2,337,573,500
Additions during the year - - 87,985,206 190,800,000
Repayments during the year - - (200,200,000) (158,000,000)
Closing book value 2,114,573,500 2,114,573,500 2,258,158,706 2,370,373,500
During 2025 and 2024, the repayments in the separate financial statement amounting to Baht 200,200,000 and
Baht 158,000,000 comprises offsetting transaction with dividend income (Note 26).
As at 31 December 2025, short-term borrowings from related parties bear a fixed rate per annum (31 December 2024:
a fixed rate per annum) which will be due at call.
d) Key management compensation
Key management compensation paid or accrued are as follows:
Consolidated and Separate
financial statements
2025 2024
Baht Baht
Short-term employee benefits 43,673,920 40,587,342
Post-employment benefits 1,381,969 522,479
Share-based payments 118,130 -
Total 45,174,019 41,109,821
230

Certification on the Correctness of Information and
Attachments
11.1 Certification on the Correctness of Information
I have carefully reviewed the information in this Annual Registration Statement / Annual R eport ( Form 56-1
One Report). I hereby certify that such information i s a ccurate, complete, n ot false, n ot misleading, a nd does not lack
any material information that should be disclosed. In addition, I certify that:
(1) The financial statements and financial information summarized in this Annual Registration Statement /
Annual Report present materially accurate and complete information regarding the financial position, financial
performance, and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries.
(2) I am responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective information disclosure system to ensure
that the Company has accurately and completely disclosed material information of both the Company and its
subsidiaries, and for ensuring compliance with such a system.
(3) I am responsible for establishing and maintaining an effective internal control system and for ensuring
c ompliance with such a system. I have reported the latest internal control system assessment to the Company's
auditor and the Audit Committee, which covers material deficiencies and changes in the internal control system, as
well as any wrongful acts that may affect the preparation of the financial reports of the Company and its subsidiaries.
In this regard, as evidence that all documents are the exact same set of documents that I have reviewed, I
have a uthorized Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap and Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm to initial every page of this document. If any
document d oes not bear t he initials of M r. S utach R uangsuttipap and Mr. T hanan L imsaiporm, I will consider that such
information is not the information that I have reviewed for accuracy as stated above.
Name Title Signature
1. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Director and Executive Director (Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap)
2. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha Director (Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha)
Authorized person Title Signature
1. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap Director and Executive Director (Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap)
2. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm Director and Executive Committee (Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm)
232
Disclaimer and Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report (Form 56-1 One Report) contains forward-looking statements, which include, b ut are n ot
limited to, assessments of industry trends, business strategies, investment plans, financial targets, and estimates of
future performance. These statements reflect the vision and expectations of the management as of the date o f t his
report, based on currently available information and assumptions.
However, such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They involve inherent
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, financial position, or events to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by such statements. These risk factors i nclude, b ut are n ot limited to, macroeconomic v olatility,
changes in policies or regulations by supervisory authorities, interest rate fluctuations, industry competition, and
other operational risks (as detailed in the "Risk Factors" section).
Furthermore, financial figures, statistical data, ratios, percentages, and the sum o f v arious figures presented
in this report may contain slight discrepancies due to rounding differences in the calculation and presentation
processes. Such discrepancies do not have a material impact on the overall accuracy of the information.
Additionally, the terms "the Company" and "the Group" may be used interchangeably within this report. T he
use of such terms is for convenience in preparing the report and does not alter the underlying meaning, nor does it
affect the legal substance or the accuracy of the financial information in any way.
The Company undertakes no obligation and assumes no commitment to update, amend, or revise any
forward-looking s tatements, whether as a result o f n ew information, f uture events, or o therwise, e xcept a s r equired by
applicable laws or regulations. Investors and readers of this report should exercise careful judgment and should not
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements when making investment decisions.
233
11.2 Attachments
Details of the Directors
1. Mr. Ek Burapavong
Position Chairman of the Board / Chairman of the Audit
Committee / Chairman of the Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee* /
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee / Member of the Risk Management
Committee /
Type of Director Independent Director
Age 52 Years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Relationship among Directors -
and Executives
Education
● Bachelor of Accountancy, Chulalongkorn University
● Master of Business Administration (Management and Finance), Boston University
● Master of Science in Economics, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA
● Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA Institute
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● National Defence Course (NDC) Class 67, National Defence College of Thailand, National Defence
Studies Institute
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Director Charoen Industry PLC
2024 - Present Member of the Risk Ngernturbo PLC
Management Committee
2023 - Present Chairman / Chairman of the Ngernturbo PLC
Audit Committee / Member
of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
234
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2000 - Present Director Burapacheep Co., Ltd.
2000 - Present Director Jute Industry (1961) Co., Ltd.
2000 - Present Director Burapavong Co., Ltd.
1994 - Present Director Kanom Sakol Co., Ltd.
1994 - Present Director BB Co., Ltd.
2021 - 2023 Chairman / Chairman of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
Audit Committee / Member
of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
0.05%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
-
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 4/4
Audit Committee 4/4
Nomination and Remuneration 1/1
Committee
Risk Management Committee 2/2
235
2. Ms. Thanya Sripatanasakul
Position Director / Chairman of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee / Member of the
Audit Committee / Member of the Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee*
Type of Director Independent Director
Age 42 Years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Relationship among Directors -
and Executives
Education
● Bachelor of Economics, Thammasat University
● Master of Business Administration, Yale University, USA
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2023 - Present Director / Chairman of the Ngernturbo PLC
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee /
Member of the Audit
Committee
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2023 - Present Director Tanland Holdings Co., Ltd.
2021 - 2023 Director / Chairman of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee /
Member of the Audit
Committee
2019 - 2022 Managing Director Chicken Time Co., Ltd.
236
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
0.05%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
-
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 3/4
Audit Committee 3/4
Nomination and Remuneration 1/1
Committee
237
3. Ms. Naruechon Dhumrongpiyawut
Position Director / Chairman of the Risk Management
Committee / Member of the Audit Committee /
Member of the Nomination and Remuneration
Committee / Member of the Corporate
Governance and Sustainability Committee*
Type of Director Independent Director
Age 42 Years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Relationship among Directors -
and Executives
Education
● Bachelor of Engineering, Chulalongkorn University
● Master of Management, Harvard University, USA
● Master of Business Administration, Boston University, USA
● Honorary Doctorate in Management, Rajamangala University of Technology Srivijaya, Songkhla
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● CMA-GMS International Program Class 1, Capital Market Academy, The Stock Exchange of
Thailand
● Top Executive Program in Industrial and Investment Development (IBID) Class 2, Institute of
Business and Industrial Development
● Financial Advisor License 2013, Investment Banking Club, Association of Thai Securities
Companies
● Academy of Business Creativity (ABC) Class 5, Sripatum University
● Thailand Energy Academy for Young Executive (TEA) Class 4, Thailand Energy Academy
● Thai-Chinese Leadership Studies for Young Executives (TCLYE) Class 1, Huachiew Chalermprakiet
University
● The Rule of Law for Democracy (RLD) Class 9/2021, Office of the Constitutional Court
● Training on “Roles of Executives and Employees in Anti-Corruption”, Thai Private Sector
Collective Action Against Corruption (CAC)
● AI for Executive Program
● Senior Executive Program in Justice Administration Class 29, Judicial Training Institute
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Chief Executive Officer and Gunkul Engineering PCL
238
Secretary of the Board of
Directors
2024 - Present Chairman of the Risk Ngernturbo PLC
Management Committee
2023 - Present Director / Member of the Ngernturbo PLC
Audit Committee / Member
of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
2009 - Present Director / Executive Director Gunkul Engineering PCL
2021 - 2025 Chief Operating Officer - Gunkul Engineering PCL
Sustainable Energy Business
and Strategic Investment
2022 - 2024 Director (Independent DoHome PCL
Director) / Member of the
Audit Committee /
Chairman of the Risk
Management Committee
2016 - 2021 Assistant Managing Gunkul Engineering PCL
Director, Business
Development and Strategic
Planning
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 1 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 2 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 3 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 4 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 5 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 8 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 9 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director G.K. Real Estate (2564) Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director G Wind Power Holding 3 Co., Ltd.
2025 - Present Director G Wind Power Holding 5 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy Group Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 1 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 9 Co., Ltd.
239
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 10 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 19 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 23 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 32 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 37 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 39 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Windnergy 46 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul One Solar Holding Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 1 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 6 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 7 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 11 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 15 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 16 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 24 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 25 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 33 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 34 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 38 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 42 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 43 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 47 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 51 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 52 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 56 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 60 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 61 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 92 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 96 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 98 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 99 Co., Ltd.
2024 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Farm 100 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director NK Power Solar Co., Ltd.
240
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Power Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Power 1 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Power 2 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Siam Gunkul Solar Energy Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 24 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 36 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 42 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 51 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 54 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 58 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 60 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 39 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 48 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 18 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 20 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 23 Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Korat Wind Energy Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Grate Miracle Asset 12 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gulf Gunkul Corporation Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul Solar Powergen Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 1 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 3 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 6 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Development 8 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 2 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 5 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 9 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Gunkul One Energy 11 Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director JGS Synergy Power Co., Ltd.
2021 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 6 Co., Ltd.
2021 - Present Director Gunkul Wind Power 7 Co., Ltd.
2021 - Present Director Origin Gunkul Energy Co., Ltd.
2020 - Present Director Gunkul Godungfaifaa Platform Co., Ltd.
241
2020 - Present Director Singapore An Yang, Pte. Ltd.
2020 - Present Director Singapore Yun Yang, Pte. Ltd.
2020 - Present Director INT Energy, Pte. Ltd.
2020 - Present Director Gunkul Vietnam Joint Stock Company
2020 - Present Director Tri Viet Tay Ninh Joint Stock Company
2020 - Present Director Bach Khoa A Chau Hoa Binh Joint Stock Company
2020 - Present Director Bach Khoa A Chau Tay Ninh Joint Stock Company
2020 - Present Director Doan Son Thuy Investment Joint Stock Company
2020 - Present Director Tan Chau Energy Joint Stock Company
2020 - Present Director Green Field Energy Co., Ltd.
2019 - Present Director Gunkul Infinite Group Co., Ltd.
2019 - Present Director Future Energy Corporation Co., Ltd.
2018 - Present Director Kenyir Gunkul Solar Sdn. Bhd.
2018 - Present Director Solar Energy Society Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director Pranburi Boulevard Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director Great Miracle Asset Group (12 Companies)
2017 - Present Director Gunkul Group Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director BMP Solar Co., Ltd.
2015 - Present Director Eco Thai Energy Co., Ltd.
2015 - Present Director Infinite Alternative Energy Co., Ltd.
2015 - Present Director Rang Ngern Solution Co., Ltd.
2014 - Present Director Gunkul Utility and Energy Co., Ltd.
2014 - Present Director Greenovation Power Co., Ltd.
2013 - Present Director Gunkul International Investment (Singapore) Pte.
Ltd.
2012 - Present Director Wind Energy Development Co., Ltd.
2004 - Present Director Noppakun Co., Ltd.
2023 - 2025 Director NK Power Solar Co., Ltd.
2023 - 2025 Director Siam Gunkul Solar Energy Co., Ltd.
2022 - 2025 Director Gunkul Solar Powergen Co., Ltd.
2022 - 2025 Director Gunkul One Energy 2 Co., Ltd.
2019 - 2025 Director Gunkul Infinite Group Co., Ltd.
2016 - 2025 Director BMP Solar Co., Ltd.
242
2022 - 2024 Director Pun New Energy Co., Ltd. ( 1)
2021 - 2023 Director / Member of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
Audit Committee / Member
of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
2014 - 2023 Director Gunkul Solar Community Co., Ltd.
2015 - 2022 Director GO Bioenergy Co., Ltd. (2)
2015 - 2021 Director Outgrow D Co., Ltd. ( 3)
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
-
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
-
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 3/4
Audit Committee 4/4
Nomination and Remuneration 1/1
Committee
Risk Management Committee 2/2
Remark: (1) Company dissolved in April 2024 and i s currently in the process of liquidation.
(2) Company dissolved and liquidated in 2022.
(3) Company dissolved in 2021 and liquidated in 2022.
243
4. Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap
Position Director
Type of Director Director
Age 42 Years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Relationship among Directors Spouse of Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap / Sibling
and Executives of Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha and Mr. Maruay
Tangmitrphracha
Education
● Bachelor of Economics, Thammasat University
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Director Certification Program (DCP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Financial Statements for Directors (FSD), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Advance Audit Committee Program (AACP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Company Secretary Program (CSP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● The Board’s Role in Mergers and Acquisitions (BMA), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Risk Management and Dohome PLC
Sustainability Committee
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo PLC
2018 - Present Director / Member of the Dohome PLC
Executive Committee /
Deputy Managing Director
of Accounting, Finance, and
Corporate Support
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2022 - Present Director Dohome Academy Co., Ltd.
2021 - Present Director Amplus Holdings Ltd.
244
2018 - Present Director Dohome Energy Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director Dohome Express Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director AN Capital Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director ASM Consultant Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director S.Ubon Watsadu Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director Ubon Watsadu Co., Ltd.
2015 - Present Director ASM Real Estate Co., Ltd.
2014 - Present Director Thuntarin Co., Ltd.
2014 - Present Director Money OK Co., Ltd.
2012 - Present Director Thongmawin Capital Co., Ltd.
1996 - Present Director Dohome Group Co., Ltd.
2017 - 2023 Director Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
10.79%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
0.04%
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
11.48%
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 4/4
245
5. Ms. Ariya Tangmitrphracha
Position Director
Type of Director Director
Age 43 Years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Relationship among Directors Sibling of Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap and Mr.
and Executives Maruay Tangmitrphracha
Education
● Bachelor of Business Administration (Marketing), Chulalongkorn University
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Director Certification Program (DCP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Financial Statements for Directors (FSD), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
● Advance Audit Committee Program (AACP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Risk and Sustainability Dohome PLC
Management Committee
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo PLC
2018 - Present Director / Member of the Dohome PLC
Executive Committee
/Deputy Managing Director
- Operations and
Procurement / Assistant
Managing Director -
Procurement
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2022 - Present Director Dohome Academy Co., Ltd.
2019 - Present Director BCP Development Co., Ltd.
246
2018 - Present Director Amplus Holdings Ltd.
2018 - Present Director Dohome Energy Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director AN Capital Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director Dohome Express Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director S.Ubon Watsadu Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director Ubon Watsadu Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director ASM Consultant Co., Ltd.
2015 - Present Director ASM Real Estate Co., Ltd.
1996 - Present Director Dohome Group Co., Ltd.
2017 - 2023 Director Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
2015 - 2022 Director TMPC Trading Co., Ltd.
2015 - 2021 Director TMPC Property Co., Ltd.
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
10.79%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
0.04%
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 3/4
247
6. Mr. Maruay Tangmitrphracha
Position Director
Type of Director Director
Age 34 Years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Relationship among Directors Sibling of Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap and Ms.
and Executives Ariya Tangmitrphracha
Education
● Bachelor of Engineering (Information and Communication Engineering), Chulalongkorn University
● Global Master of Business Administration, University of Michigan, USA
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Risk Management and Dohome PLC
Sustainability Committee
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo PLC
2019 - Present Director / Member of the Dohome PLC
Executive Committee /
Deputy Managing Director
Information Technology and
E-Commerce
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2022 - Present Director Dohome Academy Co., Ltd.
2021 - Present Director Amplus Holdings Ltd.
2017 - Present Director AN Capital Co., Ltd.
2017 - Present Director Dohome Express Co., Ltd.
248
2016 - Present Director S.Ubon Watsadu Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director Ubon Watsadu Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director ASM Consultant Co., Ltd.
2015 - Present Director ASM Real Estate Co., Ltd.
1996 - Present Director Dohome Group Co., Ltd.
2017 - 2023 Director Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
2016 - 2022 Director Aladdin Shop Online Co., Ltd.
2015 - 2022 Director TMPC Trading Co., Ltd.
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
10.79%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
0.04%
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 2/4
249
7. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap
Position Director / Chairman of the Executive
Committee / Member of the Risk Management
Committee / Member of the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee / Member of the
Corporate Governance and Sustainability
Committee*
Type of Director Executive Director
Age 41 years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Family Relationship with Spouse of Mrs. Saliltip Ruangsuttipap
Directors and Executives
Education
● Bachelor of Economics, Thammasat University
● Master of Business Administration, Columbia University, USA
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors Association (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2023 - Present Director / Chairman of the Ngernturbo PLC
Executive Committee /
Member of the Risk
Management Committee /
Member of the Nomination
and Remuneration
Committee
2017 - Present Chief Executive Officer Ngernturbo PLC * *
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Director Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo Development Center Co., Ltd.
2019 - Present Director NTBX Co., Ltd.
2018 - Present Director Ngernturbo Insurance Broker Co., Ltd.
250
2018 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd.
2016 - Present Director Thongmawin Capital Co., Ltd.
2014 - Present Director Thuntarin Co., Ltd.
2014 - Present Director Money OK Co., Ltd.
2021 - 2023 Director / Chairman of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
Executive Committee /
Member of the Risk
Management Committee /
Member of the Nomination
and Remuneration
Committee
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
11.48%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
-
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
10.83%
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 4/4
Nomination and Remuneration 1/1
Committee
Risk Management Committee 2/2
Executive Committee 6/6
251
8. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon
Position Director / Member of the Risk Management
Committee / Member of the Executive
Committee
Type of Director Executive Director
Age 46 years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Family Relationship with -
Directors and Executives
Education
● Bachelor of Economics, Thammasat University
● Master of Science in Economics, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, USA
Training
● Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of Directors Association (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● P ositions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2023 - Present Director / Member of the Ngernturbo PLC
Executive Committee /
Member of the Risk
Management Committee
2018 - Present Chief Branch Management Ngernturbo PLC * *
Officer
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd.
2021 - 2023 Director / Member of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
Executive Committee /
Member of the Risk
Management Committee
252
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
0.21%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
-
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 2/4
Risk Management Committee 2/2
Executive Committee 6/6
253
9. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm
Position Director / Member of the Executive Committee
Director Type Executive Director
Age 37 years
Date of Appointment 15 September 2023
Family Relationship with -
Directors and Executives
Education
● Bachelor of Accountancy, Thammasat University
● Master of Business Administration, Columbia University, USA
Training
● D irector Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute o f Directors Association (IOD)
● CFO’s Orientation Course for New IPOs (Class 5), The Stock Exchange of Thailand (SET)
● ESG in the Boardroom, Thai Institute of Directors Association (IOD)
Working Experience in the Past 5 Years
● Positions in Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Chief Human Resources Ngernturbo PLC
Officer
2023 - Present Director / Member of the Ngernturbo PLC
Executive Committee
2018 - Present Chief Financial Officer Ngernturbo PLC * *
● Positions in Non-Listed Companies
Period Position Company Name
2025 - Present Director Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd.
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo Development Center Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director NTBX Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Insurance Broker Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay Later Co., Ltd.
2021 - 2023 Director / Member of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd.
254
Executive Committee
Positions in other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest to the Company
-
Direct Shareholding Proportion
0.16%
Indirect Shareholding Proportion
-
Shareholding Proportion by Spouse and Minor Children
-
Legal Disputes
-
Meeting Attendance in 2025
Meeting Number of Attendances
Board of Directors 4/4
Executive Committee 6/6
Remark: * The Board of Directors Meeting No. 1/2026 o n 24 February 2026 approved the appointment of the Corporate Governance and
Sustainability Committee.
** Counting consecutively from the tenure when the c ompany was Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. before converting into a Public Company Limited
on 15 September 2023.
255
1.2 Details of the Executive Committee
Family Work Experience
Shareholding
Name-Surname / Position Age Education Relationship
Proportion
among Executives Period Position Company Name Type of Business
1. Mr. Sutach Ruangsuttipap / 41 ● Bachelor of Economics, 11.48% - 2025 - Present Director Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. Insurance
Chief Executive Officer Thammasat University Business
Consulting
● Master of Business 2023 - Present Director / Chairman of the Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Administration, Columbia Executive Committee / Chief Services
University, USA Executive Officer / Member
of the Risk Management
Committee / Member of the
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo Employee Skills
Development Center Training Center
Co., Ltd.
2019 - Present Director NTBX Co., Ltd. Credit Guarantee
Services
2018 - Present Director Ngernturbo Non-life and Life
Insurance Broker Insurance
Co., Ltd. Brokerage
Services
2018 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay Commercial and
Later Co., Ltd. Investment
Lending
2017 - Present Chief Executive Officer Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Services
2016 - Present Director Thongmawin Capital Pawnshop
Co., Ltd. Business
2014 - Present Director Thuntarin Co., Ltd. Retail Sale of
256
Family Work Experience
Shareholding
Name-Surname / Position Age Education Relationship
Proportion
among Executives Period Position Company Name Type of Business
Household
Appliances
2014 - Present Director Money OK Co., Ltd. Pawnshop
Services
2021 - 2023 Director / Chairman of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. Financial
Executive Committee / Chief Services
Executive Officer / Member
of the Risk Management
Committee / Member of the
Nomination and
Remuneration Committee
2. Mr. Varut Tientamnoon / 46 ● Bachelor of Economics, 0.21% - 2023 - Present Director / Member of the Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Chief Branch Management Officer Thammasat University Executive Committee / Services
Member of the Risk
Management Committee
● Master of Science in Economics, 2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay Cash and
University of Illinois at Later Co., Ltd. Installment Sales
Urbana-Champaign, USA
2018 - Present Chief Branch Management Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Officer Services
2021 - 2023 Director / Member of the Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. Financial
Executive Committee / Services
Member of the Risk
Management Committee
2017 - 2019 Senior Vice President of CIMB Thai Bank PLC Commercial Bank
Small Business Lending
2015 - 2017 Director of SME Products Krung Thai Bank PLC Commercial Bank
3. Ms. Kanokporn Cheewaviriyanon / 41 ● Bachelor of Business 0.10% - 2025 - Present Chief Business Operation Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Chief Business Operation Officer Administration (Marketing), Officer Services
257
Family Work Experience
Shareholding
Name-Surname / Position Age Education Relationship
Proportion
among Executives Period Position Company Name Type of Business
Kasetsart University
● Master of Economics, 2025 - Present Director Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. Insurance
Chulalongkorn University Business
Consultancy
2023 - Present Member of the Executive Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Committee Services
2021 - Present Director Ngernturbo Non-life and Life
Insurance Broker Insurance
Co., Ltd. Brokerage
2018 - 2025 Chief Business and Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Marketing Officer Services
2021 - 2023 Member of the Executive Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. Financial
Committee Services
2009 - 2017 First Vice President of SME Krung Thai Bank PLC Commercial Bank
Commercial Product
4. Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm / 37 ● Bachelor of Accountancy, 0.16% - 2025 - Present Chief Human Resources Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Chief Financial Officer and Thammasat University Officer Services
Chief Human Resources Officer
● Master of Business 2025 - Present Director Lazy Lazy Co., Ltd. Insurance
Administration, Columbia Business
University, USA Consultancy
2023 - Present Director / Member of the Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Executive Committee Services
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo Labor Skill
Development Center Development
Co., Ltd. Training Center
2022 - Present Director NTBX Co., Ltd. Credit Guarantee
Services
258
Family Work Experience
Shareholding
Name-Surname / Position Age Education Relationship
Proportion
among Executives Period Position Company Name Type of Business
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Non-life and Life
Insurance Broker Insurance
Co., Ltd. Brokerage
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay Cash and
Later Co., Ltd. installment sales
2018 - Present Chief Financial Officer Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Services
2021 - 2023 Director Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. Financial
Services
2017 - 2018 Investment Banking Kasikornbank PLC Commercial Bank
Executive
2015 - 2017 Relationship Manager Kasikornbank PLC Commercial Bank
5. Mrs. Lalita Eamsherangkul / 44 ● Bachelor of Engineering 0.24% - 2025 - Present Chief Business and Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Chief Business and Marketing (Electrical Engineering), Marketing Officer Services
Officer Kasetsart University
● Master of Science in 2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo Labor Skill
International Management Development Center Development
(Marketing), University of Exeter, Co., Ltd. Training Center
United Kingdom
2023 - Present Member of the Executive Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Committee / Member of the Services
Risk Management
Committee
2022 - Present Director NTBX Co., Ltd. Credit Guarantee
Services
2021 - 2025 Chief Human Resources Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Officer Services
259
Family Work Experience
Shareholding
Name-Surname / Position Age Education Relationship
Proportion
among Executives Period Position Company Name Type of Business
2018 - 2025 Chief Risk Officer Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Services
2021 - 2023 Member of the Executive Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. Financial
Committee / Member of the Services
Risk Management
Committee
2011 - 2017 Vice President of Credit Risk Ngern Tid Lor PLC Financial
Management Services
6. Mr. Ekasit Lertkarnrujee / 39 ● Bachelor of Engineering 0.09% - 2023 - Present Member of the Executive Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Chief Technology Officer (Computer Engineering), Committee Services
Mahidol University
2017 - Present Chief Technology Officer Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Services
2021 - 2023 Member of the Executive Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. Financial
Committee Services
2015 - 2017 Chief Technology Officer Trendit Media Pte., IT Consultancy
Ltd and E-commerce
Marketing
7. Mr. Bruce Gordon Ogden / 55 ● Bachelor of Mathematics and 0.01% - 2025 - Present Chief Risk Officer Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Chief Risk Officer Finance, University of Services
Technology Sydney, Australia
2024 - 2025 Chief Collection Officer Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Services
2023 - 2024 Chief Risk Officer Kasikorn Line Co., Financial
Ltd. Services
2021 - 2023 Chief Risk Officer Mula-X Holding Financial
(Thailand) Co., Ltd. Services
2018 - 2020 Head of Risk and Decision United Overseas Commercial Bank
260
Family Work Experience
Shareholding
Name-Surname / Position Age Education Relationship
Proportion
among Executives Period Position Company Name Type of Business
Management Bank (Thai) PLC
8. Mr. Jittapu Mulasart / 39 ● Bachelor of Accountancy, 0.06% - 2018 - Present Financial Controller Ngernturbo PLC Financial
Financial Controller Thammasat University Services
● Master of Business 2014 - 2018 Audit Manager EY Office Limited Audit Firm
Administration, Junior Executive
Program Class 19/1,
Chulalongkorn University
2010 - 2014 Senior Audit Assistant EY Office Limited Audit Firm
2008 - 2010 Audit Assistant EY Office Limited Audit Firm
Remark: The tenure of executives is counted continuously from their positions at Ngernturbo Co., Ltd. prior to its conversion into a Public CompanyLlimited on September 15, 2023.
261
1.3 Information of the Person Taking the Highest Responsibility
in Finance and Accounting
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Name Mr. Thanan Limsaiporm
Age 37 years
Education ○ Bachelor of Accountancy, Thammasat University
○ Master of Business Administration, Columbia University,
USA
Date of Appointment June 4, 2018
Work Experience
2025 - Present Chief Human Ngernturbo PLC
Resources Officer
2025 - Present Director Lazy Lazy Co.,
Ltd.
2023 - Present Director and Ngernturbo PLC
Executive Director
2023 - Present Director Ngernturbo
Development
Center Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director NTBX Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo
Insurance
Broker Co., Ltd.
2022 - Present Director Ngernturbo Pay
Later Co., Ltd.
2018 - Present Chief Financial Ngernturbo PLC
Officer
2021 - 2023 Director and Ngernturbo PLC
Executive Director
Shareholding in the Company 0.16%
Family Relationship among Directors and -
Executives
Positions in Other Companies -
Directorships in Other Companies -
Training 2025
262
○ CFO's Orientation Course for New IPOs Class 5, The Stock
Exchange of Thailand
○ ESG in the Boardroom, Thai Institute of Directors (IOD)
2021
○ Director Accreditation Program (DAP), Thai Institute of
Directors (IOD)
Financial Controller
Name Mr. Jittapu Mulasart
Age 39 years
Education ○ Bachelor of Accountancy, Major in Accounting,
Thammasat University
○ Master of Business Administration for Junior Executives
Class 19/1, Chulalongkorn University
Date of Appointment May 2, 2018
Work Experience
2018 - Financial Ngernturbo PLC
Present Controller
Shareholding in the Company 0.06%
Family Relationship among Directors and -
Executives
Positions in Other Companies -
Directorships in Other Companies -
Training 2025
○ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
○ Revenue: Differences Between Accounting and Taxation
○ Financial Statement Analysis
○ In-Depth Corporate Income Tax Issues
○ Withholding Tax
263
1.4 Information of the Company Secretary
Company Secretary
Name Mrs. Suranun Wongsalee
Age 35 years
Education ○ Bachelor of Accountancy, Ubon Ratchathani Rajabhat
University
Date of Appointment April 23, 2021
Work Experience 2021 - Present Company Secretary Ngernturbo PLC
2014 - 2021 Senior Accountant Ngernturbo PLC
Shareholding in the Company -
Family Relationship among Directors and -
Executives
Training 2025
○ Information Disclosure via SETLink System Course 4/2025,
The Stock Exchange of Thailand
2024
○ Company Reporting Program (CRP) Class 38/2024, Thai
Institute of Directors (IOD)
2021
○ Company Secretary Program (CSP), Thai Institute of
Directors (IOD)
Duties and Responsibilities of Company Secretary
In the Board of Directors' Meeting No. 2/2021, held o n A pril 2 3, 2 021, t he Board o f D irectors r esolved to a ppoint Mrs.
Suranan Wongsalee as the Company Secretary, with the scope of powers, duties, and responsibilities as follows:
● Prepare and maintain the following documents:
○ A register of directors
○ Notices and minutes of the Board of Directors' meetings
○ Notices and minutes of the shareholders' meetings
○ The Company's annual report
○ Reports on conflicts of interest of directors and executives
● Collect information regarding major shareholders, directors, executives, and related persons of such
individuals, including connected persons, for the purpose of monitoring and reviewing related party
transactions or transactions that may involve conflicts of interest
264
● Keep the reports on conflicts of interest reported by directors or executives and submit copies to the
Chairman of t he Board o f D irectors a nd the Chairman o f t he Audit Committee w ithin 7 business days f rom t he
date the Company receives such reports
● Perform any other acts as specified in the notifications of the Capital Market Supervisory Board
● Provide preliminary advice regarding laws, requirements, and various regulations of the Company to the
B oard of Directors to ensure correct and consistent compliance, including reporting any significant changes
in laws, rules, and/or regulations to the Board of Directors for acknowledgement
● Monitor and oversee the disclosure of information and information reports in areas that the Company must
execute in accordance with the regulations and requirements of the regulatory authorities
● Organize shareholders' meetings and the Board of Directors' meetings to comply with the laws, the
Company's Articles of Association, and shareholders' rights
● Oversee the activities of the Board of D irectors a nd perform other operations t o c omply w ith t he laws a nd/or
as specified in the notifications of the Capital Market Supervisory Board and/or as assigned by the Board of
Directors
1.5 Information of the Head of Internal Audit
Head of Internal Audit
Name Ms. Kesorn Jaidee
Age 35 years
Education ○ Bachelor of Accountancy, Kasetsart University
○ Master of Science in Corporate Governance,
Chulalongkorn University
Date of Appointment May 12, 2021
Work Experience 2023 - Present Head of Internal Ngernturbo PLC
Audit
2022 - 2023 Senior Internal Audit Ngernturbo PLC
Manager
2019 - 2022 Internal Audit Ngernturbo PLC
Manager
Shareholding in the Company 0.01%
Family Relationship among Directors and -
Executives
Training 2024
○ Certificate for Lead IA Reviewer Course - Federation of
Accounting Professions
○ IT Essential for Internal Audit Course - Federation of
Accounting Professions
265
2020
Fundamentals for New Auditors Course – The Institute of
Internal Auditors of Thailand
2019
Successful Data Analytics for Internal Auditors Course – Asia
Business Connect
1.6 Information of the Head of Compliance
Director - Corporate Legal and Compliance
Name Mr. Worachet Wongnarathiwat
Age 33 years
Education ○ Bachelor of Laws, Thammasat University
Date of Appointment August 1, 2024
Work Experience 2024 - Present Director of Legal Ngernturbo PLC
and Compliance
2023 – 2024 Head of Corporate Ngernturbo PLC
Legal
Shareholding in the Company 0.00%
Family Relationship among Directors and -
Executives
Training -
266
